

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-18-020740
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180416
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bio-En Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001568139
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				990369116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-186629
		FILM NUMBER:		18757013
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MONSEY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10954
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8453647151
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MONSEY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10954
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Olivia Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130129









     








Washington
 D.C. 20549






ANNUAL
                                         REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


December 31
2017




TRANSITION
                                         REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



to ________________



BIO-EN HOLDINGS
CORP

charter)



    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

&nbsp;201 Penhorn Avenue


    
    

&nbsp;Unit 2
 Secaucus
 New Jersey
                                         07094

    
    

    
    
    




 including
area code)


of the Act:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    



pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Shares of Common
Stock
 $0.0001 par value



a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes&nbsp;


not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes&nbsp;


(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes&nbsp;


filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
to the best of Registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or
emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo;and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



 indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;


is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes&nbsp;


as of the last business day of the Company&rsquo;s second fiscal quarter
 so there was no aggregate market value of common stock
held by non-affiliates.&nbsp;



 2018 there were 77
350
003
shares of common stock issued and outstanding.


Exhibits incorporated by
reference are referred to in Part IV.





    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder
    Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
    and Results of Operations
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
    and Financial Disclosure
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
    and Related Stockholder Matters
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director
    Independence.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    



    
    


CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS

&rdquo;)
contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements.&rdquo; Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because
they discuss future events or conditions
 forward-looking statements may include words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo;
&ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;might
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;forecast
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue&rdquo; negatives thereof or similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made
 are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations
about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that
may cause our actual results
 level of activity
 performance or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations
or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.



uncertainties. Accordingly
 such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described
in such statements or that our objectives and plans will be achieved
 and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy
or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout
this Report and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations
 including statements about
potential acquisition or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management;
any other statements regarding future acquisitions
 future cash needs
 future operations
 business plans and future financial results
and any other statements that are not historical facts.


our intentions
 plans
 expectations
 assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties and other
factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results
expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 the events described
in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described.
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Report.
All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable
to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred
to in this Report.


 we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events
 a change
in events
 conditions
 circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements
 or otherwise.





 the terms
&ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 &quot;W(w)e
&quot; &quot;U(u)s
&quot; &quot;O(o)ur
&quot; &quot;Bio-En Holdings Corp.
 &ldquo;Bio-En&rdquo;
&ldquo;BHC&rdquo;
&quot; and &ldquo;Issuer&rdquo; mean Bio-En Holdings Corp.
 unless the context clearly requires otherwise.



    
    










is a Delaware corporation
 incorporated on August 2
 2011. As mentioned previously
 the Company initially intended to be a world
leader by setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel technologies. The Company held a license agreement for a portfolio of patents
including Gravity Pressure Vessels and supporting appurtenances (&ldquo;


agreements to build
 operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta
 utilizing the Licensed Technology
(&ldquo;


the full funding required to establish the Facility. No longer looking to utilize the Licensed Technology and/or pursuing the
establishment of the Facility
 the Company is considering new investments opportunities
 as discussed below.




&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 entered into the development stage and devoted substantially all of its efforts to
the development of its business plan
 whereby Company intended to be a world leader of setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel
technologies. The Company intended to plan
 design
 and execute agreements to build
 operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy
operation at the Facility
 the same contingent on sufficient capital funding. &nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s fiscal year-end is December
31.




    
    






funds we have been forced to reevaluate our business plans. As such
 our principal business objective for the next 12 months and
beyond will be to achieve long-term growth potential through starting up a new business or a combination with an existing business
to generate immediate
 short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business.


has and will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have unrestricted flexibility in seeking
analyzing and participating in potential business opportunities. In our efforts to analyze potential acquisition targets
 we will
consider the following kinds of factors:



    
    
Potential for growth
 indicated by new technology
 anticipated
    market expansion or new products;

    
    
Competitive position as compared to other firms of similar size
    and experience within the industry segment as well as within the industry as a whole;

    
    
Strength and diversity of management
 either in place or scheduled
    for recruitment;

    
    
Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required
    funds
 to be provided by us or from operations
 through the sale of additional securities
 through joint ventures or similar
    arrangements or from other sources;

    
    
The cost of participation by us as compared to the perceived
    tangible and intangible values and potentials;

    
    
    

    
    
The accessibility of required management expertise
 personnel
    raw materials
 services
 professional assistance and other required items; and

    
    
    



 no one
of which will be controlling
 we will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances and make a determination based upon reasonable
investigative measures and available data. Potentially available business opportunities may occur in many different industries
and at various stages of development
 all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business
opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Due to our limited capital available for investigation
 we may not discover or
adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired.


    
    






opportunity will depend upon the nature of the opportunity
 the respective needs and desires of us and the potential candidates
and our relative negotiating strength with such candidates. It is likely that we will require its participation in a business opportunity
through the issuance of our common stock or other securities. Although the terms of any such transaction cannot be predicted
 it
should be noted that in certain circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an acquisition&nbsp;is a so-called &quot;tax
free&quot; reorganization under Section 368(a) (1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
&quot;)
depends upon whether the owners of the acquired business will own 80% or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a
transaction were structured to take advantage of these provisions rather than other &quot;tax free&quot; provisions provided under
the Code
 all prior stockholders would
 in such circumstances
 retain 20% or less of the total issued and outstanding shares. Under
other circumstances
 depending upon the relative negotiating strength of the parties
 prior stockholders may retain substantially
less than 20% of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. This could result in substantial additional dilution
to the equity of those who were our stockholders prior to such transaction.


with control of a majority of our voting shares following the formation of a new business or an acquisition. As part of such a
transaction
 all or a majority of our directors and officers may resign and new directors may be appointed.


 the transaction
may be accomplished upon determination of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;)
 without any vote or approval
by stockholders. In the case of a statutory merger or consolidation directly involving us
 it may be necessary to call a stockholders'
meeting and obtain the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares. The necessity to obtain such stockholder
approval may result in delay and additional expense in the consummation of any proposed transaction and will also give rise to
certain appraisal rights to dissenting stockholders. Most likely
 we will seek to structure any such transaction so as not to require
stockholder approval.


specific business opportunities and the negotiation
 drafting and execution of relevant agreements
 disclosure documents and other
instruments will require substantial time and attention and substantial cost for accountants
 attorneys and others. If a decision
were made not to participate in a specific business opportunity
 the costs theretofore incurred in the related investigation would
not be recoverable. Furthermore
 even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity
 the
failure to consummate that transaction may result in the loss to us of the related costs incurred.



 none of
our officers or our directors have not yet had any preliminary contact or discussions with any representative of any other entity
regarding a business combination with us. Any target business that is selected may be a financially unstable company or an entity
in its early stages of development or growth
 including entities without established records of sales or earnings. In that event
we will be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential
emerging growth companies. In addition
 we may affect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high
level of risk
 and
 although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
 there
can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks.


combination will be complex and extremely risky. Because of general economic conditions
 rapid technological advances being made
in some industries and shortages of available capital
 our management believes that there are numerous firms seeking even the limited
additional capital that we will have and/or the perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits
of being a publicly traded corporation include
 among other things
 facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity
financing may be obtained
 providing liquidity for the principals of and investors in a business
 creating a means for providing
incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees
 and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions
 joint
ventures and the like through the issuance of stock. Potentially available business combinations may occur in many different industries
and at various stages of development
 all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business
opportunities extremely difficult and complex.





our management.&nbsp; We have several consultants who currently provide services to us. Some of them are compensated for their
services through the issuance of Company shares
 which may result in further dilution to our stockholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;We may hire
additional employees
 consultants
 and recruit senior executive members as officers and directors
 as needed
 which persons/entities
may be instrumental in forming a new business or we may acquire another business with a full management team already on board.






    
    





Annual Report on Form 10-K
 stockholders or prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors:

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below
 together with all of the other information included
in this Report
 before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
or results of operations could suffer. In that case
 the trading price of our shares of common stock could decline
 and you may
lose all or part of your investment. You should read the section entitled &ldquo;Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements&rdquo;
above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements
 as well as the significance of such statements
in the context of this Report.



We have no trading history and may never
achieve profitability and the failure to raise additional capital could place our continued viability in question.



capital from external sources to carry out our pursued business plan. If we are unable to generate the required additional capital
our ability to meet our financial obligations and to implement our business plan may be adversely affected.&nbsp; We currently
have no commitments to obtain additional capital
 and there can be no assurance that any financing will be available in amounts
or on terms acceptable to us
 if at all.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we are not successful in raising additional working capital to support our
operations and implement our business plan
 we may be forced to curtail our operations
 take additional measures to reduce costs
modify our business plan
 and consider strategic alternatives that could include a sale of our business or filing for bankruptcy
protection.



    
    


Our management will be subject to greater
demands and we will incur increased costs as a result of being a public company
 which could affect our profitability and operating
results.&nbsp; Our accounting
 internal audit and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared for these
demands.



United States subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the compliance obligations
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. As a public reporting company
 we incur significant legal
 accounting
 investor relations and
other expenses. These significant expenses could affect our profitability and our results of operations.


annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and a report by our independent
auditors addressing these assessments. These reporting and other obligations will place significant demands on our management
administrative
 operational
 internal audit and accounting resources. We anticipate that we will eventually need to upgrade our
systems; implement additional financial and management controls
 reporting systems and procedures; implement an internal audit
function; and hire additional accounting
 internal audit and finance staff. If we are unable to then accomplish these objectives
in a timely and effective fashion
 our ability to comply with our financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to
reporting companies could be impaired. Any failure to maintain effective internal controls could have a material adverse effect
on our business
 operating results and stock price.



    
    



We are dependent upon our officers
for management and direction
 and the loss of any of these persons could adversely affect our operations and results.


the successful management for our operations and the execution of our business plan(s). We do not have employment agreements with
our officers or other key personnel.&nbsp;&nbsp; The loss of any of our officers could delay or prevent the achievement of our
business objectives
 which could have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations and financial position.

It may be more difficult for us to
retain or attract officers and directors due to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


in response to public concerns regarding corporate accountability in connection with certain accounting scandals. The stated goals
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to increase corporate responsibility
 to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing
improprieties at publicly traded companies
 and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures
pursuant to the securities laws. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act generally applies to all companies that file or are required to file periodic
reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.&nbsp; The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 led to a
series of rules and regulations by the SEC that significantly increases the responsibilities and potential liabilities of directors
and executive officers. &nbsp; Because of the perceived increased personal risk associated with acting as an executive officer
or director of a public company
 we may be unable
 or it may be significantly more expensive
 to attract and retain qualified executive
officers and directors.

Our directors and officers devote
time to other ventures
 which may adversely impact the time they can devote to our Company and its operations.


serve as officers and/or directors of other companies
 and they devote only that portion of their time
 which
 in their judgment
and experience
 is reasonably required for the management and operation of our Company and our business.&nbsp;&nbsp; Executive
management may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time
 services and functions among our Company and any current
and future ventures in which they are engaged.&nbsp;&nbsp;If our officers and directors are unable to devote adequate time to manage
our operations successfully
 our potential to succeed as a business and the value of your shares may be adversely affected.



    
    


The market price of our common stock
may be particularly volatile and our stockholders may be unable to sell their common stock at or above their purchase price
 which
may result in substantial losses to a stockholder.


develops
 it may be characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers. We expect that our share price
will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fluctuations in share price could
be based on various factors in addition to those otherwise described in this prospectus
 including:





    
    
    

    
    
The public&rsquo;s reaction to our press releases
 our other public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Actions of our existing stockholders
 including sales of common stock by our directors and executive officers;

    
    
    

    
    
Other developments affecting us
 our industry or our competitors.





    
    




and may decrease the market price of our common stock
 regardless of our operating performance and financial condition.

The market price of our common stock
may decline if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are sold at once or in large blocks.


our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp; If a public market for our shares develops in the future
 many of our stockholders may
 subject only
to the volume
 manner of sale and notice requirements of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 in the case of some stockholders
desire to sell their shares. Sales of a substantial number of these shares in the public market
 or the perception that these sales
could occur
 could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. In addition
 the sale of these shares could impair our
ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities.

Future issuance
of our common stock could dilute the interests of existing stockholders.


shares of our common stock in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of common stock could have the effect of substantially
diluting the interests of our stockholders. In addition
 the sale of a substantial amount of common stock in the public market
either in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition which received such common stock
as consideration or by investors who acquired such common stock in a private placement could have an adverse effect on the market
price of our common stock.




 we have paid no cash dividends
on our common shares. For the foreseeable future
 earnings generated from our operations will be retained for use in our business
and not to pay dividends.

The application
of the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules to our common stock could limit trading activity
in the market
 and our stockholders may find it more difficult to sell their stock.


our common stock will be trading at less than $5.00 per share and is therefore subject to the SEC penny stock rules. Penny stocks
generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information
about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and
offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction
 and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. The broker-dealer must also
make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s
written agreement to the transaction. These requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
 if any
in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers
by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities
 which could severely limit their
market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common
stock and may affect the ability of a stockholder to resell our common stock.




    
    



We will
have broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds to the company and may not use them effectively.


will have broad discretion to use the net proceeds to the Company for a variety of purposes
 including
&nbsp;further development
of our products and operations
 working capital and general corporate purposes.&nbsp;We may spend or invest these proceeds in a
way with which our shareholders disagree. Failure by our management to effectively use these funds could harm our business and
financial condition. Until the net proceeds are used
 they may be placed in investments that do not yield a favorable return to
our investors
 do not produce significant income or lose value.


internal financial reporting controls and procedures
 it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
 result in the
restatement of our financial statements
 harm our operating results
 subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction
 cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our common
stock.


for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of internal controls over financial
reporting
 which is defined as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by our Board
 management and other personnel
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.


 we will have significant
additional requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. We will be required to document and test our internal
control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 which requires annual
management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. The process of designing and implementing
effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the
economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate
to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company.


in the future
 identify areas requiring improvement in our internal control over financial reporting. We cannot give assurance
that the measures we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be successful or that we will implement and maintain
adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future as we continue our growth. If we are unable to establish
appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures
 it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
result in the restatement of our financial statements
 harm our operating results
 subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares
of our common stock.


companies of our management team may hinder our ability to comply with Sarbanes-Oxley Act.


 difficult and
costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may
need to hire additional financial reporting
 internal controls and other finance staff or consultants in order to develop and implement
appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures.



    
    


We will incur increased costs as a public
company which may affect our profitability.


 we&nbsp;will incur significant
legal
 accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the SEC&rsquo;s rules and regulations
relating to public disclosure. SEC disclosures generally involve a substantial expenditure of financial resources. Compliance
with these rules and regulations&nbsp;will significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and some activities&nbsp;will
become more time-consuming and costly.&nbsp; Management may need to increase compensation for senior executive officers
 engage&nbsp;additional
senior financial officers who are able to adopt financial reporting and control procedures
 allocate a budget for an investor
and public relations program
 and increase our financial and accounting staff in order to meet the demands and financial reporting
requirements as a public reporting company. Such additional personnel
 public relations
 reporting and compliance costs may negatively
impact our financial results.











offices are located at 201 Penhorn Avenue
 Unit 2
 Secaucus
 New Jersey 07094. Our officers currently work from their homes and
the Company does not pay any rent. The mailing address is a private address and is provided at no cost to the Company. &nbsp;



for our current needs and will be adequate
 or that suitable additional or substitute space will be available on commercially
reasonable terms
 for the foreseeable future.




that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action
suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization
or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or
affecting our company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors
in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.&nbsp;






    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON
EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES








OTC Markets under the symbol BENH.&nbsp; There is not active trading market for our common stock.


Record
                                         Holders





 2018 we had 54 shareholders
of our common stock.









 we have not declared
nor paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Our current policy is to retain any earnings in order to finance our operations. Our Board will determine future declarations and
payments of dividends
 if any
 in light of the then-current conditions it deems relevant and in accordance with applicable corporate
law.



Securities
                                         Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans




Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Use of Proceeds from Sale of Registered Securities


 2017
 there
were no sales of unregistered securities by the Company.




 2017
 there
were no repurchases of the Company&rsquo;s common stock by the Company.




required by this item.


    
    


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion and analysis of
the results of operations and financial condition of Bio-En Holdings Corp. for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2017 should
be read in conjunction with the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 and the notes to those financial statements that are included
elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve
risks and uncertainties
 such as our plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could
differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors
 including those
set forth under the Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Business sections in this Annual Report. We use
words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;continuing
&rdquo;
&ldquo;ongoing
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo;
&ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements.





laws of the State of Delaware on August 2
 2011 as Olivia
 Inc. On March 27
 2014
 the Company filed with the State of Delaware
a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company&rsquo;s name from Olivia
 Inc. to Company.



the full funding required for its business plan. Consequently
 the Company is searching/researching for new investments opportunities
as discussed below.


31.



For the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016




6
 2014 (Inception) through December 31
 2017.





December 31
 2017
 net of write back of Directors&rsquo; Compensation and other adjustments arising on the Transfer of Ownership
were minus $308
683 as compared to $195
624 for the same period at December 31
 2016. Our operating expenses consist of general
and administrative expenses comprised mainly of consulting
 accounting and legal expenses.






31
 2017 was $308
683 as compared to a loss of $195
624 for the same period at December 31
 2016. As we did not generate any revenues
during the year ended December 31
 2017
 our net profit or loss equaled our operating expenses







statements
 the Company had a net profit of $308
683 as of December 31
 2017
 and a working capital deficit of $209
440 and accumulated
deficit of $333
607 at December 31
 2017. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as
a going concern.&nbsp;



during the year ended December 31
 2017 was minus $13
077 as compared to $27
959 for the same period ended December 31
 2016.



    
    




in the year ended December 31
 2017 was minus $14
153. As compared to $27
791.



operations is dependent on Management's plans
 which may include the raising of capital through debt and/or equity markets with
some additional funding from other traditional financing sources
 which may include term notes
 until such time that funds provided
by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The Company may need to incur liabilities with certain related
parties to sustain the Company&rsquo;s existence.


to finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well as to achieve its strategic objectives. There can
be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
 if at all.




as of December 31
 2017.




material effect on our results of operations.





conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.



lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible
impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
generally on a straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying value may not be recoverable.



(&quot;FASB&quot;) Accounting Standards Codification (&quot;ASC&quot;) 310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-lived Assets&rdquo;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying
amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount
of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset.


    
    






for all equity&ndash;based payments in accordance with ASC 718 &ldquo;Share-Based Payments&quot;. Under fair value recognition
provisions
 the Company recognizes equity&ndash;based compensation net of an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizes compensation
cost only for those shares expected to vest over the requisite service period of the award.


 including
grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values.
That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).


Payments granted to non&ndash;employees in accordance with ASC 505
 &ldquo;Equity Based Payments to Non&ndash;Employees&rdquo;.
The Company determines the fair value of the Share&ndash;Based Payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or
the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments
issued is used
 it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date
at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached
 or (2) the date at which the
counterparty&rsquo;s performance is complete.






ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK




    
    







For the year ended
DECEMBER 31
 2017



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
    

    
    

Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2017 and December
    31
 2016
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF&nbsp;THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM




Corp



Corp (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2017 and 2016 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo;
deficit and cash flows
 for each of the periods ended December 31
 2017
 and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred
to as the &quot;financial statements&quot;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the periods ended December 31
 2017
 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
America.



of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&quot;PCAOB&quot;)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.



been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements
 the
Company has not established a source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company does
not have sufficient working capital and cash resources to meet its planned business objectives. These and other factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plan regarding these matters is also
described in Note 2 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty.








 Israel






    
    









    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
136

    
    
1
136

    
    
    


 net
    
226
088

    
    
    

    
    
227
224

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
139
500
194
033

    
    
187
500

    
70
000
84
153

    
209
500
465
686

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
279
661

    
    
    

    
209
500
745
347

    
    
    

    
    
    


000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.0001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 32
350
003 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2016
3
235
3
235

    
120
931
120
931

    
(333
606
(642
289

    
(209
440
(518
123

    
    
    

    
    
227
224



of these financial statements.


    
    









    
Year ended December 31

Year ended December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
19
429

    
(187
500
90
000

    
9
062
10
165

    
17
821
6
593

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(21
000
22
000

    
(2
027
13
500

    
(39
177
27
000

    
(222
653
188
855

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(33
137
    

    
(53
573
    

    
    
6
769

    
    
    

    
308
683
(195
624

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
32
350
003
32
350
003



of these financial statements.


    
    









    
Preferred
                                         Stock
Common
                                         Stock
    
    
Total
                                         Stockholders&rsquo; 

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2016
    
    
32
350
003
3
235
120
931
(446
665
(322
499

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(195
624
(195
624

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2016
    
    
32
350
003
3
235
120
931
(642
289
(518
123

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
308
683
308
683

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017
    
    
32
350
003
3
235
120
931
(333
606
(209
440




of these financial statements.


    
    








    
    

    
December 31

                                                                                
December 31

                                                                                

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
308
683
(195
624

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
19
429

    
(53
573
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(54
533
58
236

    
(187
500
90
000

    
    
    

    
13
077
(27
959

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(14
153
27
791

    
(14
153
27
791

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
076
    

    
    
    

    
1
136
1
304

    
    
    

    
    
1
136





of these financial statements.


    
    










 formerly Olivia Inc.
 is a Delaware
company
 incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 2
 2011.


 2014
 the Company
filed with the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company&rsquo;s name
from Olivia
 Inc. to Bio-En Holdings Corp.


 2014
 Bio-En Corp merged
with
 and into Company with Company being the surviving entity of the merger.



on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;).


in US dollars.



end of December 31.

NOTE 2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The principal accounting policies are
set out below
 these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented
 unless otherwise stated:



been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the
liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at December 31
 2017
 the Company has a working capital deficit
of $209
440 and has not earned any revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through
equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash requirements
for the year ending December 31
 2017.


business plan is dependent upon
 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and development of
its business plan. In response to these problems
 management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement
offerings.


 among others
 raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.



are subject to rapid change. The Company's operations will be subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential of business failure.



therefore segment information is not presented.



with initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions
that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&quot;FDIC&quot;) up to $250
000.

Property
 Plant and Equipment

plant and equipment.



    
    





lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible
impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
generally on a straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable.



(&quot;FASB&quot;) Accounting Standards Codification (&quot;ASC&quot;) 310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-lived Assets&rdquo;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying
amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount
of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset.



carried at amortized cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the end of the financial
year that are unpaid and arise when the Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods
and services.



for all equity&ndash;based payments in accordance with ASC 718 &ldquo;Share-Based Payments&quot;. Under fair value recognition
provisions
 the Company recognizes equity&ndash;based compensation net of an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizes compensation
cost only for those shares expected to vest over the requisite service period of the award.


 including
grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values.
That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).


payments granted to non&ndash;employees in accordance with ASC 505
 &ldquo;Equity Based Payments to Non&ndash;Employees&rdquo;.
The Company determines the fair value of the stock&ndash;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or
the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments
issued is used
 it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date
at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached
 or (2) the date at which the
counterparty&rsquo;s performance is complete.



in accordance with ASC 260
 &quot;Earnings Per Share&quot; ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per
share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable
to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS
is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise convertible compensation to employees.



FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&ldquo;ASC 740-10-25&rdquo;). Under ASC 740-10-25
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC
740-10-25
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date.



at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which represents
the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction
between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset
or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value
on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.


of inputs to measure fair value:

for identical instruments;

inputs (including quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments);

(including assumptions in determining the fair value of certain investments).


    
    



NOTE 3 &ndash; PURCHASED INTANGIBLE
ASSETS
 NET


 2014
 the Company entered
into an Exclusive License Agreement with GeneSyst International
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Genesyst&rdquo;)
 for the
acquisition of the rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into energy producing Ethanol. The purchase price
included a partial initial payment of 10% of the common stock of the Company and $330
000 (including VAT) payable in cash.


intangible assets as of December 31
 2016:



    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
279
916
    
    
    
(53
828
    
    
    
226
088
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
279
916
    
    
    
(53
828
    
    
    
226
088
    
    
    
    
    



 2017 the Exclusive License
Agreement was cancelled by mutual consent. Consequently
 the Net Carrying Amount was written off and the Accumulated Amortization
up to that date was written back. In addition
 a loan repayable to GeneSyst was also cancelled. This resulted in a net overall
profit of $53
573.





    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
000
    
    
    
84
153
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 bears 1% interest and has no set
terms of repayment. This loan is repayable on demand.


    
    







    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
279
661
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

The above payable arose from the acquisition of License Rights purchase from GeneSyst International
 Inc. a Delaware Corporation and licensor of exclusive rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into energy producing Ethanol. The above loan is unsecured
 bears no interest and is repayable once the Company has raised $10
000
000. As described earlier
 the loan was cancelled as part of the agreement to cancel the related Exclusive License Agreement with GeneSyst International
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









 2014 the Company entered
into a Share Exchange/Merger Agreement
 between Company
 Serena B. Potash (the &ldquo;Principal Shareholder&rdquo;) and Bio-En
Corp.
 a Delaware corporation. On August 21
 2014
 we filed a Certificate of Merger in the State of Delaware whereby Bio-En Corp.
merged with Company
 with Company the surviving entity.


Agreement
 all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bio-En Corp. at August 21
 2014 were exchanged for 28
980
000 shares of
Company common stock.



 2014 to
March 31
 2014
 the Company issued 4
409
196 shares of common stock at $0.0001 per share for $441.00
 for professional services.


 2014 the Company issued 2
548
853
shares of common stock at $0.0001 per share for $255.00
 as consideration to purchase license rights to develop and use patented
intellectual property as described in note 3.


 2014
and March 31
 2014 the Company issued 23
041
951 shares of common stock to related parties at $0.0001 per share for $2
304.00 to
related parties for services.


 2018 the Company completed
the issuance of 40
000
000 shares of common stock to related parties at $0.00525 per share for $210
000.00.



 2014
 pursuant to the Share
Exchange/Merger Agreement
 Ms. Potash
 the then principal shareholder of Company owning an aggregate of 7
894
625 shares of Company
common stock
 agreed to cancel 6
024
601 of her shareholdings. All cancelled shares of common stock were returned to the Company&rsquo;s
pool of authorized but unissued shares.


    
    






for the year ended December 31
 2017 differs from the amount which would be expected as a result of applying the statutory tax
rates to the losses before income taxes due primarily to changes in the valuation allowance to fully reserve net deferred tax assets


upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to
be available to reduce taxable income.



    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(333
606
    
    
    
(642
289
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
113
426
    
    
    
218
378
    

    
    
    
113
426
    
    
    
218
378
    

    
    
    
(113
426
    
    
    
(218
378
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



against the full amount of the deferred tax asset due to management&rsquo;s uncertainty about its realization. As of December 31
2017
 the Company had approximately $333
606 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized in future periods to reduce taxable
income
 and expire by the year 2037.




and related parties are disclosed below:

The following entities
 as of December
31
 2017
 have been identified as related parties:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    






    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
000
    
    
    
84
153
    

From time to time
 the president and stockholder of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These advances bear 1% interest and are due on demand.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
187
500
    

On December 1
 2014
 the Company implemented a Director Compensation package paying each Director $30
000 per calendar year
 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. Under the terms of the Transfer of Ownership the directors agreed to waive their unpaid compensation.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(187
500
    
    
    
90
000
    




    
    






 2018
 Bio-En
&rdquo;) finalized
&rdquo;)
 whereby the Purchasers completed the
purchase of 40
000
000 shares of Company common stock
&rdquo;)
 the Shares
after the Closing
 representing approximately 55% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company
 for an aggregate
purchase price of $210
&rdquo;)
 the Purchase Price allocated and distributed to pay/settle
certain creditors of Company.


of the Stock Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of the Stock Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1
&rdquo;)
 which is incorporated by reference herein.


Agreement
 on March 12
 2018
 Serena Potash
 Geoffrey Maclean and Joseph Micallef submitted to the Company resignation letters
pursuant to which they resigned from their positions as officers and member of the Board of Directors of the Company. Ms. Potash&rsquo;s
Mr. Maclaren&rsquo;s and Mr. Micallef&rsquo;s resignations were not a result of any disagreements relating to the Company&rsquo;s
operations
 policies or practices.


 2018
 the Board of Directors
&rdquo;) appointed: (i) Baruch Adika to serve as the President and a member of the Board;
and (ii) Shlomi Shany to serve as Executive Vice-President and a member of the Board and
 (iii) contemporaneously
 accepted the
resignations of Ms. Potash
 Mr. Maclaren and Mr. Micallef.


Company&rsquo;s creditors
 with those creditors providing Company and Purchaser with an acknowledgement and general release in
favor of Company and Purchaser.



    
    


ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE








controls and other procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the
issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the issuer&rsquo;s management
 including the principal executive and principal financial officer
 or persons
performing similar functions
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Any controls and procedures
no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.


 under the
supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of the end of the fiscal
year covered by this Annual Report.


 our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(b) Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This annual report does not include
a report of management's assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting due to a transition period established
by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies.

(c) Change in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our fourth fiscal
quarter
 that could materially affect
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.






    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE





and ages of all of our directors
 executive officers and key employees; and all positions and offices held as of the date of this
Report. The directors will hold such office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor has been
elected and qualified. Executive officers are elected by the Board and serve at the discretion of the Board.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
President
 Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





business experience during the past five years for our officers
 directors and key employees as of the date of this Report:



Baruch Adika
 39
 President and Director


of effective and multifaceted turnaround strategies for globally recognized brands
 is currently the President and Chief Executive
Officer of W. Showroom
 Inc.
 Sourcing Society Inc. and Brand Defender Inc.

Shlomi Shany
 50
 Executive Vice-President
and Director


stock market for over 20 years as a financial advisor and consultant in the field of mergers and acquisitions
 specializing in
merging private companies into public companies. Shany also heads an investors group focusing on start-up companies in the technology
and medical field
 including Safe-T Group
 Ltd.
 an Israeli cyber company.

Ossie Weitzman
 63
 Chief Financial
Officer


based in Israel. He qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 1978 at Stoy Hayward (now BDO) becoming a manager in the corporate
finance and investigations department. In 1983 Mr. Weitzman founded Neville Weitzman &amp; Co a London based firm of Chartered
Accountants. Mr. Weitzman immigrated to Israel in 1991 and from 1992 to 1994 was Investment Manager at Concept Investment Services.
Since 1995 Mr. Weitzman has been an independent consultant providing financial
 economic and venture marketing services to technology
and other companies in Israel. Mr. Weitzman holds a B.Soc.Sc in Political Science from the University of Birmingham.

Bruce Minsky
 54
 Corporate Secretary



 Company&rsquo;s Corporate
Secretary
 is a graduate of Boston University (B.A.
 1985)
 Southwestern University School of Law (J.D.
 1988)
 and Boston University
&ndash; Morin Center for Banking Law Studies (LLM in American Banking
 1989). Mr. Minsky is the managing partner of Law Offices
of Bruce W. Minsky
 P.C.
 a private law firm specializing in individual business/in-house legal counseling. Prior to the Law Offices
of Bruce W. Minsky
 P.C.
 Mr. Minsky was Vice-President/House Counsel for Banco Popular North America
 a multi-billion dollar domestic
bank
 from 1991 to 2004
 and a trial/litigation/appellate associate of business matters at Quirk &amp; Bakalor
 P.C. from 1989
to 2001. Mr. Minsky has years of experience in the gamut of legal services ranging from Consumer/Commercial finance products/services
Corporate Governance
 Real Estate
 Business/Portfolio transactions
 as well as acquisitions matters
 to Advertising
 Technology
Marketing
 Labor
 SEC
 Finance and Tax scenarios
 along with an array of Operational
 Compliance and Regulatory oversights. Mr.
Minsky is currently the Village Attorney for the Village of New Hempstead.&nbsp;



    
    









between any director
 executive officer of the Company
 and any person contemplated to become such.




who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. We believe that the cost related to retaining such a financial expert at
this time is prohibitive. Further
 because we are in the start-up stage of our business operations
 we believe the services of
an audit committee financial expert are not warranted at this time.



    
    





 during the past
ten years
 none of the following occurred with respect to our present or former director
 executive officer
 or employee: (1)
any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either
at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject
to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order
 judgment
or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily
enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities;
and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission
to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended or vacated.




executive officer and Board chairman positions. The Company believes that this Board leadership structure is the most appropriate
for the Company for the following reasons. First
 the Company is a development stage company and at this early stage it is more
efficient to have the leadership of the Board in the same hands as the principal executive officer of the Company. The challenges
faced by the Company at this stage &ndash; obtaining financing and performing research and development activities &ndash; are
most efficiently dealt with by having one person intimately familiar with both the operational aspects as well as the strategic
aspects of the Company&rsquo;s business.





committee comprised of independent Directors
 the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by
our Board. Thus
 there is a potential conflict of interest in that our Directors have the authority to determine issues concerning
management compensation
 in essence their own
 and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other
conflicts of interest with any of our executives or Directors.





risks faced by the Company. These risks include financial
 technological
 competitive
 and operational risks. The Board dedicates
time at each of its meetings to review and consider the relevant risks faced by the Company at that time. In addition
 since the
Company does not have an Audit Committee
 the Board is also responsible for the assessment and oversight of the Company&rsquo;s
financial risk exposures.





code of ethics and business of conduct policy.







shows for the period ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the compensation awarded (earned) or paid by the Company to its named executive
officers or acting in a similar capacity as that term is defined in Item 402(a)(2) of Regulation S-K. There are no understandings
or agreements regarding compensation that our management will receive after a business combination that is required to be included
in this table
 or otherwise.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 President
    
30
000
    
    
    
30
000

    
    
30
000
    
    
    
30
000

    
    
(62
500
    
    
    
(62
500


 Chief Financial Officer
    
16
000
    
    
    
16
000

    
    
24
000
    
    
    
24
000

    
    
(15
000
    
    
    
(15
000


 Secretary
    
    
    
    
11
045
11
045

    
    
    
    
    
5
520
5
520

    
    
    
    
    
17
821
17
821


 Vice President
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    





 2014
 the Company implemented
a Director Service Agreement
 whereby the Company will pay each Director $30
000 per calendar year
 payable in equal payments on
the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors receiving quarterly fees in cash
 the Company may
 at the election
of the Directors
 pay the Directors in shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The conversion price of each issuance is calculated
by the average of the closing price per share of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the five consecutive days trading days ending
on the trading day immediately preceding end of the quarter discounted by 30%.



effective January 8
 2018 Serena B. Potash
 Geoffrey Maclaran and Joseph Micallef agreed to waive unpaid salaries in the combined
sum of $270
000.

Employment Contracts
 Termination of
Employment
 Change-in-Control Arrangements


 2015 the Company appointed Ossie
Weitzman as its Chief Financial Officer and entered into an Independent Contractor Agreement which terms called for an annual compensation
of $24
000 per calendar year.


 2017
 other than the
Independent Contractor Agreement with Ossie Weitzman
 its Chief Financial Officer
 there was no employment or other contracts or
arrangements with officers. There are no compensation plans or arrangements
 including payments to be made by us
 with respect
to our officers or consultants that would result from the resignation
 retirement or any other termination of such officers or
consultants from us. There are no arrangements for officers
 employees or consultants that would result from a change-in-control.



    
    


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS





information as of the date hereof with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares
 the sole outstanding class of
our voting securities
 by (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of the outstanding ordinary shares
of the Company
 (ii) each executive officer and director
 and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group.&nbsp;Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or
investment power with respect to securities. ordinary shares subject to options
 warrants or convertible securities exercisable
or convertible within 60 days as of the date hereof are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person or entity
holding such options
 warrants or convertible securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other
person and is based on shares issued and outstanding as of April 12
 2018.


and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of April 12
 2018 and
by the officers and directors
 individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated
 all shares are owned directly and the
shareholders listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.&nbsp;





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
424
118
    

    
3
935
560
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
000
000
    

    
12
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    
Unless otherwise noted
 the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Unit 2
 Secaucus
 New Jersey 07094

    
    
Applicable percentages are based on 77
850
00 shares outstanding as of April 12 
 2018
 adjusted as required by rules of the SEC. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options
 warrants and convertible notes currently exercisable or convertible
 or exercisable or convertible within 60 days are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table
 the Company believes that each of the shareholders named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them.

    
    
    




    
    


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.



 since the beginning
of the fiscal year preceding the last fiscal year none of the following persons has had any direct or indirect material interest
in any transaction to which our Company was or is a party
 or in any proposed transaction to which our Company proposes to be a
party:



    
    




    
    




    
any person who beneficially owns
 directly or indirectly
 shares carrying more than 5 percent of the voting rights attached to our common stock; or




    
any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons (including a spouse
 parents
 children
 siblings
 and in-laws).

    
    

    
On September 10
 2014
 Company closed on a Share Exchange/Merger Agreement
 dated August 21
 2014 (&ldquo;Merger&rdquo;)
 by and among (i) the Company
 (ii) Bio-En Corp.
 a Delaware corporation
 (&ldquo;BEC&rdquo;) and (iii) Serena B. Potash. &nbsp;&nbsp;Prior to the Merger
 Ms. Potash was an officer and sole director
 and majority shareholder of BEC. &nbsp;Pursuant to the Share Exchange/Merger Agreement
 BEC merged with and into Company
 with Company to continue as the surviving corporation in the Merger
 and Company succeeding to and assuming all the rights
 assets
 liabilities
 debts
 and obligations of Bio-En. 




    
    







of any national securities exchange or national securities association and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to have
our Board comprised of a majority of &ldquo;Independent Directors.&rdquo; We do not believe that our directors currently meet the
definition of &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as promulgated by the rules and regulations of NASDAQ.







for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our financial statements and review of financial
statements included in our quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows:




    
December 31


 

    
10
000
13
500

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    
For the year ended December 31
 2017
 principal accountants of the Company were Dov Weinstein &amp; Co. (CPA (Isr).



year ended December 31
 2017
 there were no fees billed for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Item 9(e)(1)
of Schedule 14A
 for professional services rendered by the principal account for tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning
for products and services provided by the principal accountant
 other than the services reported in Item 9(e)(1) through 9(d)(3)
of Schedule 14A.

Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors


as the limited activities of our Company
 our Board acts as our Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves all audit and permissible
non-audit services. These services may include audit services
 audit-related services
 tax services
 and other services. Our Board
approves these services on a case-by-case basis.



    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES


Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.







    
    
    
    

    
    
Merger Agreement
 dated August 21
 2014 by and among Bio-En
    Holdings Corp
 Bio-En Corp.
 and Serena B. Potash
 (1)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Incorporation of Bio-En Holdings Corp. (f/k/a
    Olivia
 Inc.) (2)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
    of Bio-En Holdings Corp
 filed April 1
 2014. (1).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
    of Bio-En Holdings Corp.
 filed August 5
 2014. (1)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Cancellation Agreement
 dated August 20
 2014 by and between
    Bio-En Holdings Corp and Serena B. Potash (1)

    
    
    

    
    
License Agreement and independent contractor agreement
 dated
    March 23
 2014
 by and between Bio-En Corp and GeneSyst International
 Inc. (1)

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18
    U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18
    U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule
    13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule
    13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to our Form 8-k filed with the SEC on September 11
 2014.



Incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form s-1 filed with the SEC on February 13
 2013.





    
    





or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Title: President
 (Duly authorized. Principal Executive Officer)
    

    

Dated: April 15
 2018
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Dated: April 15
 2018
    


Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Title: President
 (Duly authorized. Principal Executive Officer and
 Chairman of the Board
    of Directors)
    

    

Dated: April 15
 2018
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Title: Chief Financial Officer
 (Duly authorized Principal Financial Officer)
    

    
    
    

Dated: April 15
 2018
    




    
/s/ Shlomi
    Shany
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Dated: April 15
 2018
    



    














     





CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 





 Baruch Adika
 certify that:



    
    

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    

    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    

    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    

    
&nbsp;Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    

    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    

    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    

    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2018





    














     





CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER





 Ossie Weitzman
 certify that:



    
    

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    

    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    

    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    

    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    

    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    

    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    

    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2018




    


















     





CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER





Bio-En Holdings Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2017 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 Baruch Adika
 President of the Company
 certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
The Annual Report
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    

    
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2018






    














     





CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER





Bio-En Holdings Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2017 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 Ossie Weitzman
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
The Annual Report
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    

    
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2018





    





















      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      





      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      



    


    




        


        




    


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at December 31
 2017

440&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;and&lt;/font&gt; has not earned any revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31

 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and development of its business plan. In response to these problems

 among others

  

 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks

  






 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis

  

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;- Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs (including assumptions in determining the fair value of certain investments).&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'


 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal&gt; The above loan is unsecured, bears &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal&gt; &lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;In conjunction with the Share Exchange/Merger Agreement, all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bio-En Corp. at August 21, 2014 were exchanged for &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;For the period from January 6, 2014 to March 31, 2014, the Company issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4,409,196&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock at $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0.0001&lt;/font&gt; per share for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;On March 23, 2014 the Company issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2,548,853&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock at $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0.0001&lt;/font&gt; per share for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;For the period between January 6, 2014 and March 31, 2014 the Company issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 23,041,951&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock to related parties at $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0.0001&lt;/font&gt; per share for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 40,000,000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock to related parties at $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0.00525&lt;/font&gt; per share for&amp;#160;$&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif align=justify&gt;On August 21, 2014, pursuant to the Share Exchange/Merger Agreement, Ms. Potash, the then principal shareholder of Company owning an aggregate of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 7,894,625&lt;/font&gt; shares of Company common stock, agreed to cancel &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&amp;#160;On March 12, 2018, Bio-En Holdings Corp. (the &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Company&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;) and Baruch Adika and Shlomi Shany (the &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Purchaser(s)&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;) finalized the closing of a &lt;i&gt;Stock Sale Agreement&lt;/i&gt; (the &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Stock Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;), whereby the Purchasers completed the purchase of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 40,000,000&lt;/font&gt; shares of Company common stock, par value $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0.0001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; per share (the &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Shares&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;), the Shares, after the Closing, representing approximately &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 55&lt;/font&gt;% of the issued and outstanding common&amp;#160; stock of the Company, for an aggregate purchase price of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at December 31, 2017, the Company has a working capital deficit of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;The Company may operate in industries that are subject to rapid change. The Company's operations will be subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial, operational, technological, regulatory and other risks, including the potential of business failure.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;The Company operates in one segment and therefore segment information is not presented.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;Cash and equivalents include investments with initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;250,000&lt;/font&gt;.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;The Company does not own any property, plant and equipment.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;Identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives, generally on a straight-line basis, and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;Under Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 310, &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#8221;, the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived, long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses are carried at amortized cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the end of the financial year that are unpaid and arise when the Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services.&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 Times
 Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal align=justify&gt;The Company recognizes compensation expense for all equity&amp;#150;based payments in accordance with ASC 718 &amp;#8220;Share-Based Payments. Under fair value recognition provisions

 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award

 &amp;#8220;Equity Based Payments to Non&amp;#150;Employees&amp;#8221;. The Company determines the fair value of the stock&amp;#150;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used
 it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached

 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares

 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25

 which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques

  


 2014
 the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement with GeneSyst International
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&amp;#8220;Genesyst&amp;#8221;)



&amp;#160;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=51%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Gross&lt;br/&gt; Carrying&lt;br/&gt; Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Accumulated&lt;br/&gt; Amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Net&lt;br/&gt; Carrying&lt;br/&gt; Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt; Average&lt;br/&gt; Useful&amp;#160;Life&lt;br/&gt; (in&amp;#160;Years)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=51%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: #000000; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=51%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Finite lived intangible assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: right width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: right width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: right width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: right width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=51%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;License rights&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;279
916&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: right width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(53
828)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;226
088&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: center width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;14.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 700; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=51%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total identifiable intangible assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;279
916&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: right width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(53
828)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: left width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; FONT-STYLE: normal; TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;226

&lt;/font&gt; 2017 the Exclusive License Agreement was cancelled by mutual consent. Consequently
 the Net Carrying Amount was written off and the Accumulated Amortization up to that date was written back. In addition
 a loan repayable to GeneSyst&amp;#160;was also cancelled. This resulted in a net overall profit of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;53


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;License rights&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;279
661&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div align=justify&gt;The above payable arose from the acquisition of License Rights purchase from GeneSyst International
 Inc. a Delaware Corporation and licensor of exclusive rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into energy producing Ethanol. The above loan is unsecured
 bears no interest and is repayable once the Company has raised $10
000
000. As described earlier
 the loan was cancelled as part of the agreement to cancel the related Exclusive License Agreement with GeneSyst International



&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Pre-tax profit/(loss) as reported&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(333
606)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(642
289)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;U.S. statutory tax rate&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Expected tax expense (benefit)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;113
426&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;218
378&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;113
426&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;218
378&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(113
426)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(218

 2017
 the Company had approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;333
606&lt;/font&gt; in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized in future periods to reduce taxable income


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Pre-tax profit/(loss) as reported&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(333
606)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(642
289)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;U.S. statutory tax rate&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Expected tax expense (benefit)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;113
426&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;218
378&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;113
426&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;218
378&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(113
426)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(218

  

 as of December 31
 2017

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;The following transactions were carried out with related parties:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Balance sheets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Loan from related party - director&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;70
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;84
153&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;From time to time
 the president and stockholder of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These advances bear 1% interest and are due on demand.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accounts payable - Directors&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;187
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;On December 1
 2014
 the Company implemented a Director Compensation package paying each Director $30
000 per calendar year
 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. Under the terms of the Transfer of Ownership the directors agreed to waive their unpaid compensation.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Income Statement:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Compensation (income) expense - Directors&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(187
500)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;90


 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares





















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    






    
    


    
    



 Related Parties

    
    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    




    




    


    


    
    






    
    











 Plant and Equipment




 Finite-Lived







    
    


















    


    
    

 an entity has a working capital deficiency



    
    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    




    




    
    
    




    








    
    


    
    




    




    



 Related Parties

    
    
    




    


    
    



 Value


000




 $0.0001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 32
350
003 shares issued and outstanding at September 30


 $0.0001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 32
350
003 shares issued and outstanding at December 31



    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    






    
    


    




    




    




    
    




    


    


    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    




    




    






    




    
    
    
    














    



 Discount from Market Price

    








































    



 Shares

    



 Shares






 Value

    



 Noncash Financial or Equity Instrument Consideration





    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    


    


    



 Current

    


    
    




    


    


    
    


    
    














    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Period Increase (Decrease)

    


    


    


    


    




    




    








    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Percentage Bearing Interest

    




    


    


    
    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    



 Value

    



 Shares





    
    





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Apr. 12
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017































  2017










































































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



350
003









If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016













136







136



Purchased intangible assets
 net



088







224












500


033







500





000


153





500


686














661





500


347










Preferred stock; $0.0001 par value; 50
000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding






Common stock
 $0.0001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 32
350
003 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2016

235


235





931


931





606)


289)





440)


123)







224







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of long-term notes classified as other
 payable after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 authorized shares

000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued shares






Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding shares






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 authorized shares

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued shares

350
003


350
003



Common stock
 outstanding shares

350
003


350
003

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




















429





500)


000





062


165





821


593



















000)


000





027)


500





177)


000





653)


855












137)







573)









769





683


624)



















350
003


350
003
































































































































































































































































































































































The amount of expense provided in the period for legal costs incurred on or before the balance sheet date pertaining to resolved
 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4
6)




















































































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at Dec. 31
 2015

499)




235


931


665)



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2015





350
003









624)








624)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

123)




235


931


289)



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2016





350
003









683








683



Balance at Dec. 31
 2017

440)




235


931


606)



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2017





350
003











The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











683


624)














429





573)














533)


236





500)


000





077


959)



















153)


791





153)


791





076)







136


304







136





























































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the obligations due for goods and services provided by the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries
 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from long-term debt by a related party. Related parties
 include
 but are not limited to
 affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 and pension trusts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]




Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
Company
 formerly Olivia Inc.
 is a Delaware company
 incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 2
Effective August 21
 2014
 the Company filed with the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company&#8217;s name from Olivia
On August 21
 2014
 Bio-En Corp merged with
 and into Company with Company being the surviving entity of the merger.



































The entire disclosure for the organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure
 and significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. May be provided in more than one note to the financial statements
 as long as users are provided with an understanding of (1) the significant judgments and assumptions made by an enterprise in determining whether it must consolidate a VIE and/or disclose information about its involvement with a VIE
 (2) the nature of restrictions on a consolidated VIE's assets reported by an enterprise in its statement of financial position
 including the carrying amounts of such assets
 (3) the nature of
 and changes in
 the risks associated with an enterprise's involvement with the VIE
 and (4) how an enterprise's involvement with the VIE affects the enterprise's financial position
 financial performance
 and cash flows.  Describes procedure if disclosures are provided in more than one note to the financial statements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The principal accounting policies are set out below
 these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at December 31
 2017
209
 has not earned any revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31
The ability of the Company to realize its business plan is dependent upon
 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and development of its business plan. In response to these problems
These factors
 among others
The Company may operate in industries that are subject to rapid change. The Company's operations will be subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
250
Property
The Company does not own any property
Identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
Under Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 310
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

% of the common stock of the Company and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

The following table summarizes purchased intangible assets as of December 31, 2016:&#160; <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 2017 the Exclusive License Agreement was cancelled by mutual consent. Consequently, the Net Carrying Amount was written off and the Accumulated Amortization up to that date was written back. In addition, a loan repayable to GeneSyst&#160;was also cancelled. This resulted in a net overall profit of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_LoanFromRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_LoanFromRelatedPartyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_OtherPayableRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_OtherPayableRelatedPartyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 &#160; <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares of common stock at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares of common stock at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares of common stock to related parties at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 12,&#160;2018 the Company completed the issuance of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock to related parties at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share for&#160;$<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares of Company common stock, agreed to cancel <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized in future periods to reduce taxable income, and expire by the year <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#8221;), whereby the Purchasers completed the purchase of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Company common stock, par value $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

&#8221;), the Shares, after the Closing, representing approximately <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of the issued and outstanding common&#160; stock of the Company, for an aggregate purchase price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 &#160; <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_LiquidityPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_RisksAndUncertaintiesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

Share-Based Payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
The Company accounts for share&#150;based payments granted to non&#150;employees in accordance with ASC 505
 &#8220;Equity Based Payments to Non&#150;Employees&#8221;. The Company determines the fair value of the stock&#150;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used
 it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached
 or (2) the date at which the counterparty&#8217;s performance is complete.



Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260
 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise convertible compensation to employees.&#160;



Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&#8220;ASC 740-10-25&#8221;). Under ASC 740-10-25
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.



Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company measures assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.


























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2017

PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET [Abstract]





The following table summarizes purchased intangible assets as of December 31
 December&#160;31
279
(53
226
279
(53
226
088



































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
70
84
153














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
279
The above payable arose from the acquisition of License Rights purchase from GeneSyst International
 Inc. a Delaware Corporation and licensor of exclusive rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into energy producing Ethanol. The above loan is unsecured
 bears no interest and is repayable once the Company has raised $10
000
000. As described earlier
 the loan was cancelled as part of the agreement to cancel the related Exclusive License Agreement with GeneSyst International
 Inc.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(333
(642
113
218
113
218
(113
(218
378)



































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
70
84
From time to time
187
On December 1
 2014
 the Company implemented a Director Compensation package paying each Director $30
000 per calendar year
(187
90
000



































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




440







606)


289)





000









Difference between current assets and current liabilities. If current assets are less than current liabilities
 an entity has a working capital deficiency
 also called a working capital deficit.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Details)















916





828)





088















916





828)





088












Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Details Textual) - USD ($)




Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Mar. 23
 2014






661







573







GeneSyst International
 Inc [Member]








Purchased intangible assets
 percent of common stock issued














000

































































Amount payable to related parties classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




000


153






The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017


Unsecured Debt
 Percentage Bearing Interest
 Percentage Rate
















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






661






Amount payable to related parties classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















000
000















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Mar. 12
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Aug. 21
 2014
Mar. 23
 2014
Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016








980
000











Stock issued as consideration for license rights
 shares







548
853


























Common stock
 par value






















894
625

















024
601




























Stock issued for professional services
 shares









409
196
























Common stock
 par value

































Stock issued for professional services
 shares









041
951

















304.00







Common stock
 par value

































Common stock
 par value
















Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues

000.00















Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues

000
000




































































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











606)


289)












426


378





426


378





426)


378)








































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















606









































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











000


153







500












500)


000




























































































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Expenditures for salaries of officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation
 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Unsecured Debt
 Percentage Bearing Interest
 Percentage Rate




Serena B. Potash
 Chairman of the Board/Director [Member]




Director service agreement
 annual payment amount

000








Geoffrey McLaren
 Director [Member]




Director service agreement
 annual payment amount

000








Joseph Micalle
 Director [Member]




Director service agreement
 annual payment amount

000

































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share
































Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share










Number of Shares Issued And Outstanding
 percent












000
000









Purchase of Shares of Common Stock
 Amount | $

000.00

































































































































Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( #N%D$P?(\\#P    !



J-B8



-W=M_;'P1E!W\N@OY!5!+ P04      [A9!


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS

_4@6MZ8
SMW<3B[GXJJKLN$[&:EK73/Y=\TK





WM;XCFZV3 ]

J)G
#T%Z:FC

MTG25@
G$1LU D5DHXI7*&H!
U

M/B/)Q
&37N34,HO+@@SI0)Z?$5H$($&?R, 9J+"&QCDH01_!J#,,F$NQV

.^RZTFZ







#R




. :)O
8!)=

%'!)
$F)
M!6.*9!D.HE 0!4'2 $3=7A H82QE3. D*4J2PD=LHI(



!36X3;%(4^)4*?




M;(V5;:^:

-47






MD\PW[M)U3G F5RI?6/

MZF

\H6RHTN$)U3_M&^*6HA'-@4MW&YLX\
R9!

M@H/64@

V
M$(;_N+[+AX;L%DED38YG5JIE597M?W,)DZ#G *SN;Z[VL

M/


MJM/9#AW)9G4I3_H/;?^\O'6NE=Q'.52-;OO*M%&GC^OX%5YVG \!7O%7I6_]
M[#X:2GDWYNO0^/6PCME I&N]M\
0I;M\Z)VNZV$DQ_'/-&A\SSD$SN^_C_[9




L3Z!DQD(:





;0\(WQ

E_X

MA9!

TY

]OW#QUAX9D\%[5=;M(CQ*V3Q$4;L]LHJV][QAM7JSYZ*B4DW%(6H;


@3P*X2< ] 0\$
M2&X22$\@GQE



M92$VTVI&KK'7-79=6VY6V
500!</7_'+DG
M7O?$=6_)R<ED^[F(V^TW\TJ93;??S$T4IR2UZS;K




MFC9IDZI.W9YIXB2H@!DX2??O9QM*J7UI7X+MG'M]SK4YW.55M
_=B7/IO51E




M9 ;0YXQ



'#9.*;$!  #2


 S]*U%^P*6D


-=@F;I
CI1FZ
MN


$%     @ .X603$5W\(6V 0  T@
  !@   !X


M_


-^EN@JT#Z 2@
V ?\Y Q451^SQPK
J
'9




M=Q[86QK?Y#-\G/9'9AJN+#IKYU\V]K_6VH&7LKGR(]3Z#S8; FH7CC?^;
8Q
M&PVGN^D'D?D;%^]02P
$%     @ .X603(
*(\VU 0  T@

E;E1*

M

4S^U 5-@B04/G ('[P@-(&8A0QN^%DZXI W![?F'_
M%&O'6B[P8.1O_K:=P6]HZ2&1HS2/YKI



M)(XYW=
WQW/7MXX6)'UHH$?X'[V)^,MMK!4G0)M.]3$0)W3^_WAF(;X&/K

]UY3
Q7^#T@?'I3X'5*&U=2#M:A




ASV\P]B







MJS





M='

BYX;6QU4]MNW 0_17$!X0U=MIH95O*)HH:J9%6J=H^L_;8
M1N'B %XG?U_ 7M=)W1=@ACEGS@Q#/FKS8CL A]ZD4+; G7/]GA!;=29O=(]

*EWGT'4V9Z\$)KN!HD!VD9.;] $*/
M!4[PQ?'
V\X%!RGSGK7P ]S/_FB\11:6FDM0EFN%##0%ODWVARS$QX!?'$:[
OQ&\SU7&

M2Y'L;=JYBOLXW5Q?8-L .@/H KB) #(EBLKOF6-E;O2(S-3[GH4G3O;4]Z8*



P6#2AA;[ #[6\J

M2BZ(+\'X6F9T$P2!A






)E5P0

M+]YZ[[5*#Q\*=@U$2\QICLFV




M@MY34D





MFRAJI59:I6K[S-IC&P6

MP=D2-V@M[.\3*#/F=$??'2^R:7UPL+K10/?P'_OSQ8MMJA44D/GI.F(A3JG
M#[OC*0WX/@A872K


7V


M[31FD^%-/_\@MGSCX@]02P

  !D   !X
$!E I/HT_DR:=0P;B

+_


MI59:I6K[S-IC&P6

M
N;*%K1P=Z:'#F]J8[7P:-J&N=ZJ))*\:3Y(%I(3M:9-%WMD5F!J]D!V=+

0@;@^
MW]0_QMJQEHMP\&343UGY-J<'2BJHQ:#\BQD_P5S//25S\5_@@KA(1.
41KE
MXDK*P7FC9Q5
18NW:9==W

7)WGE

MR?FGW\06[YQ\0=02P,$%     @ .X603+&=A7NV 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W



M^ CX*6&TJS












V&=[T

$%     @ .X603!^S


M_LEY-UY.5

?C8H&
U_A2LP [=*3(]2

M07E16OQBI'Z9L?V\Z-@U]YBD;:?4(\$N*)$7_)910!8$[)4YJQ^IID4F


C
N

H2

M^;
QOIRV?F R @:%
A14+S=X!
8



M:V/G^





OXD6@#I/%/2



^Q RB$-GXG3;I\,A OXU?UQ]@[]G+@#G9&_A*='VIZ1TD'/3])_V2F
MSY#ZN:4D-?\5SB 1'IS@-UHC77R3]N2\44D%K2C^,J]QW6:=U:K1/N841


$%     @ .X603&OQWL2* 0  %P
  !D   !X

MA/!U!U;Y
QR@IY



B*H8U [^07@9-HXBL; TVD+O-?;
05ORVWRU



M^25Q I-GOT3$D:?X9/XJM].]9UL
-)YDHD4
0'S9&=U#1Z]T0RT(6ZO:.^F
MNYJ@
/\#
7R+U3_ 5!+ P04      [A9!,2IF*C:8!  0 P  &0   'AL





M-Y4U4V;GGS7R


UA
'-[





KXID7;[WW





YS[V


M.#=78\^$\B+EJYE\WLY]9#P2N=@H8X+KQTDL19X;2]J/7]:H?]$TQ.OQN_55



32X
)H26$%P(F_R1$EA!-)1!+(%
)U!+H




?=



NP4JI[0DB6%314/O(.6OWFR$5#E=Z*

)WL


]2\69PT2@-
Q!/:5V.!9.KXM
ML)TK/97(-XFB,TG-TTD?H/$:Y!8@^3&8#$Y!:=)K::UF@=2!JEDV8\NC3!


M9^G%67IP5A

M]CU
-NT*^



P)/B




#)@LBP[)(=]G7Q7)]_1R6]T(N9^HT.3[.%&A6QN7X#NPMP95*M)


 %   9

R+GAM;'U4VXZ;

MI5:*MMKVV2&3@-;&U#9A^_?UA64)6






QZ:S
4L@:$6[R=*;W3DGF

25 B@P?5\%J-

S

M'1L2H J1H-.T29N$.FW[;
)!HMIQ9AO2_?O93II&]) 8'V+?^=U[=X=\SCNE
M7TP%8*-7*1JSCBMKVT=3%F!Y.9!M=XDZ/2DEMGZA


$SSQ/UPF0R5R19^94
ADEQD04JLD (
IQ@B1(L


MZ+HI9#)#).A3F)XF*M6Y:-[XATG]8


$6DZO(K$@T'<C:D
MBJ(P!)4D;+V\\R


M_4 7!!1.4BL0];C#%BC50JJ


M;@:GEN8FA)80]H3H;4)D5%/.

MLWL
MG\7-JHZ=E8=.ZK&;@'L%
ETVGI<)KNOPZ3#)SN<
'#?:\/N6_$GXM
M:^$=F53'A]GD%\8D*
E@INHNU

&UL[3UI<^/&L9_S?L749IU(51 E4L=JM8ZK*(G:9:(K(F4_E^M] ($A2\(



MPD

_;P^9)SY(8'S


M7*?)3L
PYX W^1R85D'9O-N*78C1YJ!30.[^S


;@(0U
 X)PN6P?SJ\



M0U2'1ZM KPY-UP(\&O?'@ZO!-=#UYH+=W [N^N/AS?4*4W#''WCB' E]VA.Q

MNEUEO$#+^@_I):IACJ6*



MG









-@MK!P 0=DO8_XE
C Z$=DR
MS8@)BP2<?Z(0#!.:6G0(_&!FPS'[Q0QT9.)Q&Z'#:93'I#[HI](37?@T1H*



P

F/W<.]#VSS




41%]19Q+
M

:K4.&
MGA\&S!9% 5

M'8P0TY+0@I4&3'CIRJR9H*TV=FO77L1A'U$=)%R215QC+R
V_I50B**S
MC$+I%?'*.G\6EO1*M3FIS!26\8)P[C

MXS-

MEG%@Z_+;R+JY!FE!H3.FJL-



^$4 698J\28&*R$

U$_-'%PN

M^9

6=I*

ZR8/]$;+@?G?/8RJL&;I%-^P/Q\ R$TT$^JA4LP


B'0QO'2$FRWG.I
M2AK49_C#/4A5W1O<B\H=E\8B(0.X4]VWRMA.$LD&HQZ]@_P=]UC+3ETY[ES


J?*






KZJ\#/C[GRF^DX

L+\7*=6)9-J;]Z6*
MDL11^IZ2<(%*%RJOZ(-9I7?9.F@G=Y-)^CG*^5#L&R5D=%O&VPJHD44^YF]







C6OHS78JKO']O=EEKM^%WO$

M5PY[)\E^?.!U#_?5_3F@3];@T9VI0(M EP_D;SG];S?C3X
[@.;G/BB#YF+L


[H


6^H


X= !:GT$-.UZG_=F=? OF!

M!ZL'?^TY+L#P^NSF:L#&_?]UZT+M9RO# \J#C/TOWT#GO=
ZK[*YK/A2]WJ[
M$]#\F/9T

DE8;D 
KDA$Q\FNV$2+%3^INK3
+N!F:WR
M'L'/ZK\*?-$BM*8D*6,'A7J5, ,_+Q(=:
9)+
*FZ@.R@3H/L8;!-3PJAI

W@EN*DMNLV]WW#GI'(#G'WOZ[8Q5(

FJ5?Z-H:V.4M



 62C!?X*N%O.

WU055FE?



M



MSM27
#NX



+.**A

MASOU'])*L%Q9[05ME&Q+]SPZ+S&XI

:#GEBOZC_/UL_?DPE(JCOZK6W










M


MB-J-WI22+S8QO56_-OV

NJ6
KB?SIJ#T
M^:


R61[B_:]TXI$0*:EN^MG/5?'B


MA9!

9H


UF#
)%*DZT&:HR:&H%)&_L
M(LZ:1C. TZHP&DL6G[#=8
RV0J=X(O!A?SZ:YE#@A].7G]MI;YZA?QS\F8R


*:5
#

H+ XBI:5?6I9!S:H





MI[

M;M$%$SS:GRQX-!]F+0:)!(_V9\AIR]^ZA..]-OT.4$L#!!0    ( #N%D$RB


?_E897N^1R

M7I2O+T7Q2CY665YUG65=KV]=MYHM]4I5WXJUSLV=15&N5&TNR]]NM2ZUFE=+

/1=4
MW#:Z/^Z(;LO_82H6BW2F^\5LL])YO8
J=:;JM

B
M\CJM_Y @WS5EZCID^^I@WG6H.:]5;9YY2ZOT)=


YK0!MP?9XR







3*?99]

1&Z0G;CH/0J'FL*P.

MM3'M23..322+Q\9M$ PS!;6MBSH: =B8LZ@EJ6!1AV]@IB8-:AE;7P2=N3
MS)0S74%
S!O4LC@.0F\/!Z=_%!
&M6P
F#GX!CFV;9%Y]'S1858F(&8;8-
M@OW6C$%


M#L=MX@Y'2B:?QN4V;!-UJ=1WZ\Z^L#9X-7S0M%_0_^3:V?^L;T^G
K/[-ONJ
M;1/N5/PM2-3]((X'
3Q(QX



M


]ZY=.%%-C$QV]3L

#A-N3&T=Z&'5!]6PO(LUCU+-V
MXCFW2.W5*:@XJGA

M$(Y;$(X[$(Y[$ X^0@%!

:M 
:M
M
:M 
:M 
:M 
:M 
:M 
:M 
:M 
:M 
6N&8M8
Q:P9BEDS%+-F%S1KUZ:-






2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      [A9!
-+Q^Q@X#  #C#

M;6Q02P$% ,4      [A9!


4      [A9!, A+LK4!  #2 P  &0              @ '!)


M
3

  !D



<OBNV 0  T@
  !D              ( !_RX  'AL+W=O



M P  &0              @ 'L



MA7NV 0  T@


M970R
YX;6Q02P$% 

M% 


M )

C4N

  !D              ( !



4      [A9!,&;K_D4@   G!P

P+GAM;%!+


4      [A9!,4VJ(R!L  ##!@  &0

S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #N%
MD$PCN#_C'0(  

M+W-H965T




&UL4$L! A0#%     @ .X603#/<H_^# 0  :Q4
M !H              ( !XGD  'AL+U]R96QS+W=O<FMB;V]K+GAM;YR96QS

end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001144204-18-020740-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( #N%D$PKP@TA1EH  %






X_3^ZN8
Q:^.RE(VUQC/]F +3C

/5AK=ZH[81OVL+Y
_
FCK+GRD=XL]KX
MA(\[
&OT.CZU1/Q!^N6#3^IA_.K8T



_

 &D%WL&U_SS*L7*@2]G
M


WPH@(EOJ[4?\'\8Y^#!K=5_

M1C^.IOHT



4C6JIEJKJ*G6;GT=^I]8KFP$

.Q[+I^$R;UOO-_A$GVU:\
/)+_I1D_:+\)[8W*/*GG^


/@T[IOS](P_$



&XP19;MY



MI



X3L&XYFF.DX1M_
IITV


M#!7DOG1




18R%/WN'-%].N5B#P+E!!6#]J
M.U]JU=U__/QI=*0(*_Q[&_YHX8


W!&1F;NQ



(7XR; Y9@_[IX:40WC_-\
.^#C$TVAT

7
!*O./D*5HR6H
G/^T1S0





7O?


M+T[)V9IZ%Y:ZV4SIA_&I7@7



M1V'&4LS93


M$?MS-MG]+(M/G&RBR42'I=99( %N=7).T*L_P^82W;HYS@CYW'*;07+&!EW?
M^=)LUO:JHT;AHO OB+PZ/ML
]FD+8





WA&UF2NDTXAV^&L 9

0/Q3

MCSUP3MM/0+]'?AW@0=E-EVS;E&E[8GC;#O6F; #?]1;68A^\14QJWMU:!;
M*XZS%F:!B



P=D)/J[+[EO



M/;5)AN.G=JIQA7#H#84FC!M(4$7P3B?P8%/PO#W6AG%\!KI!75'1J%482G4E



M^S (D



DFS7?Y$&18=F(QF]C (
MD DJ_-U+QP\HDM3)?.D!%*(K3+!F01B$ZV#-*U#\S1CQ%:24?$7GYL]Q[7=
M1Q@'?I7\$=LYXS5@2?@ !P=:)8.ATARXX).1\9V*+H'%+FQ0[F74APMKO+%3

]52'?G@D6)G2$96V$21
MG8&2\(3/J%4S=4/$&X7=
&3P80?;..]\9

M@8YWL



;N-@CZP95@*$N(N)6A74
MG\P@;ECT&%Q#-UC;HH Q2%DZ!4Z 1YG5-#\ZJ-GV

M\-R#07!6/
Q0YQHJ9JA.AB;3(
Y'

M1'


!@FIZ3:NX9:EY0G6)QANGF8


M3$2'CA3 
(D'\=)3Q9P9\F&8NJ9J15 V(HA%G-5';!V:2HGM)!!
Y3;&%2#$
MS17VIT.Q.6^V!'P(//+%Z2V4FB1I[J.6B
)CE=Y!C

NY*&P#
MHDFQ*\G1QP$)ZG

%'DXA?!J;1J/(4Y2@I=07N$4F3^5R





M
!1^B#L6'8FHG!-?BDZ@]!KH7%6VH)YUN/_

M40AA;LN&+9GZ(XLH5QQU#N&7REL@73'ILQ&-BTH\#C\!B*5BZTOC'41U9)


 9BZPFNK/AT0U!

F]VTW:JT1WM NPDNEOLIAM?

)]&5



4I=AN(S$5BFT/F@MHSS T/MZ*M
_VL!^GFB+VQ#IJGW<2O)USAF]RG
M!<Y,TJ4W'^'$L=,H3)@-.H95C^GJ!78S[/55]*7J[R^RD(^R)CCDF2EC2:L



M])-QF3FHS;].HMZH-FM'^Z-7DBR



^1
@;00
@@E7
MV#92%YCD &+6T!&28^/64%''YEB;*OENE[5O?IRXH#-NNM&PWFD/J^(



M\



3<\G!3B:/0
M7E;?HNS @JS(T:C*P*2,X(S%(K<\Z@#@^/:J^'/W()E;,?!D+& DL+$7SV
M?KU[T*IFVKE,G/:5X,TBYYQ;IP\.#XX6AX^TV6W8!2+29S?=E!B/0-@((6Q1
M5/ZMU=(-U8WL^=&
W%;G H3G;;-TF*&95$'L:+SL[W%Z##9D;N


M^TSU2M@

J:N;5M#[8\$I
G-UU;Z]ATE-



M?OCB[R%

M_4_E&K+:X(5YL(%9(4\7@!C-PY]V4 * QX&-:[5E21-KN81&H.Z27U#O:?Z(
)_&(T__256$):3'VK#T\P_21[^@<VK/I:(



2E;SON9]S?N:
M]S7O:][7O*]Y7_-^(7B_(([EZTZ(FJ\[(5(M




M]OJ(^WWP?MJ]3UK.L?%OYOYMQT^[P56M]-Z4

MH6Z
$6(CBC A=_GMQJ<!L0URNK5S;WD\G$4.KZ.UI)[6RJ*.]
MKY?ZO2SUV_;^+=Q2:R7^KI:[6 BNHQ$._KQ*IQN]R'J1R[3(6Y$7V)RCMND6

^5OWL(Q-_'%&DR, Z6)Y7T<7=!7%L=ABL_
M@OI05*^L7EE]4O(.E_L]G8'JX^YWL]3ZN%LK\;)ANW6F#X)U8NL%WE3BKM@


M\#[T.#

QR+]0Q0
M*[SN,_@KWV/N5VP6P?&L ]NQQZ M!%4-+?Z835=9C%869K+[4D
S1$.?)9

Y%L!VMI

MEYZ-9/(5WDG3S7AT=J(^-2T_@CJ'3:^L7EF=V/(.E_L]I:SI[
1WL]0Z.U$K












M+Q.ACVYOJ8?2[M(;NQQ9

68&*_7N&\X@Q
MA]2

YAX1C\



)T6

3HBX


M!K+')CFDSSP
48S%(4+H0XMY/'#QW /8.\/



*5K0+UQ543TOPPG

@-)397(6M6
MFM6C2NWH8)J



MZM?K3 550 \U:C[%@[4P.+CRS^Q&UW0'9&X/$PQ549K)@.:OH85@4!!#S\


J+6KT7'ZO84U-E'$94)Z-N


WS'6


MMTS3+=





B3=7E:)S1#A
/X7]2
WANJZ/E?=/=
5TO.99=!E
MIS1L/ *\+WTN]]CW^%ID^+4?WXM






M[SA9_&BC39.*( 1I$RY&SX:*$)]Q8MI:BQZ8L[[F?U'?)2+R%HEG;I7]9V

M*P8F_:-

M_'D?M.S]]Y/[\__^?G[]P


]

\9:TADF+9T^)5ZH\*

-





.GX_I@

0CTZW7^C3:5[/8.!B_U[KF'T0'[
.$# :V%%/'*6'K)M
JV%C

!


M!8SH85*D=9Q$\+:*Y%O+2+'
18U#WE!HPKC@
M=5(HLA. 1PROL?:


MBP
GOH/F\;0@8R0F::8=WY&57I]O!E@N;1M@L]N!Q6G?4*BJQV0)]#$S+PJ.






M\WC:1=9F-U1LCQ31G/*-FL7K3$T&92)W(UQL&1B8&
+X7%&Z 1 ZE\H.@C
M(B/%&\#I




MUP-HQ:45U]LJKEN)VZX_K+!;VP@WVW

OERG9PGQV*O@YB



8

M(CP?SP



M+Z.
FS35)3L3'FA%%:BD%;#3*Y!4/&2SL]2IA4 #$,%Y:%4LD^H1:B1#77
M- 



M(?4/.ALW@?!^1W@QU*OI8;0VU=ITC=IT[!IT
B!

YHS

MG@



EA_^B%
C7^

M6F'F%LHAI^ .^W]L @*0\TR/=5ZL45%D!17!5$DX++DJ

ME%UVEQT:QPL\G$)0\R(U&H6&H[0QI;Y4]ZXDPRQ\



;K_[@:(5

MJ;4*'R


_JT)[$8S*PRYP@
MZKR3'L3+]'1



=[XE'

.<G%4*Z
:GIK35F_1%WCMKG(:E(3


#H&

36'VA1+9
+D=\I



MH


/@\XSQB0;S .@6)C
#X-;Q=

+OC.WJ6=9@Z3]L/XQNO]D2NO







MW-Z OV^D#6;A.M'E@579X;]Q)HO%5/4QE9U50P+W276^JQU4
IR
;? .J=_C



MCX2/HR:B9OC((;MN0E&V)Z3+HSQ MM7%P08ZA)HK)/'2\/N\NZ^7;!%]F
M_[168_I':ZG_T*[3*%[7R_01CK3^/H&6[+?JD6\X\08MWCOYFN:3A^^YZ;3
M
;QOUF5Z/]UE^N;AU_
5DTW_V;[&]/#M
&Q:
/'
MV*TXW


FKW?W4:]/F]\4H;I0X\SH^,^<1;EN!O2!6^]Z!1
M+KUA_A4(CQ+B


!X&0&

?/?IM;K+)9H_31[:O8L\/J]D94T4H#[^DJ+I(0C

%XFU


#7S8*?'UL'TFR9$5R$@$!P):X6]!+@5P/Y('0)X'T
;

2QQP%8-QO+S-7

8C9NA(/GESZU-<401ZF:*@%Y)%5:.^$U06!\:C4;EH'JPZ.5V



C%?%HYK+_E=^:;M33RC. M


MO3


^D7TO.%


M

A;CZ#FXH+N3 7+
%KYW*'RZ?W=AC 7=OWM[M%(1;.#2=:=:2G.]R_;!1<!*V39!%(+





BZX
M:B%L*?&&OW:X[3Z/]RTH



+[-5
MKFBCP)^.
R1HG\Z$Y*;ORA4BD*N3=3VDE'OL1&*'^6_\?X<YD3)
M=2+=K![;H(4&'*X'<2[Y3XHYU\#L


M^@D&!*.^Y]K@:FT';;]RM]N5?


,]L96N][R8]07:#0@0\UWZ;X6:1PPR=:.I2AUJ


VM^5_S_QHO

$0[C?P5X
M$& 



F^<L#T?OT)JHN*N
<:7%)=US&X)*W2L+M*E=W9M8^@&_G%7O'#K\]S[



MY=_83=EK8.5-XM*)?LCKUFPE;=&UV1%'4B6&ASQ)CSO;1LJ'5/4*%G$$/FTF




OP8K MP

&!7VW!-8F@0$D\+#IP[



#$W
3(S

MZ!+[$[3&;(


O.Y]A=[1
44F:([D^//+H$DN-^[\OUV CU2T0ZQ+W-
M4#_
J9/0G_9X\QPQG)#S5MO?


PM_\SF9#W(47_X0;_/D^YPJ;P*[PBYO9


M.5;@E'8:L_4R.*1$U@;H$CD\O!DKC'T6(9*])8?@!

M?)_'T+BYOE9G7\-0./HX&0U' Q7\3QT
88<7ZI A)VF%L$6*2?\XC\E85R?*<*9?*S-M
M#//7E3)59VWZ((9A\J$3M$C B^((


(E-M%#
J&G;\C'_C0_]J/)0+_6%%/]

==!6^I)\=\[PMP 


M6;L.
7ENQ?97(S&='



CZXIZ4N*L6[]K)7SR^[._A%.


YTC:Y; 4EBW$

T?_3 [-WH
MUU%B9V







M?[?IP?+@N[M,4%S\,S#-;N1YB6C\-FCM^!O [0A/G^9\^00$RUM^L\=8?)Z
MEJ4F\!


M]XC:#!(;$BGZ%2.:M7O);[WP4UM%Q[*9(_X

M/W
:









2PI47E$&
M  #I20  %0   &)E;F@M
C Q-S$R

M; C)]2[))+WA(
EDABM



M_.ZS@U0X$B[PSF3@=)]
^53
M(!*T1OV)IHN!5?4'#WBQ[O;!'!&'I%V?4-_V4C3;A(NP+5&[:1&%\3-BT'
M*:&W T#O$=%1<#\&D(60KGL 

M(LQ+C$YTCF \:7


MMQQ6?=P@
IEX8XF&(,@&LW%BMBE_IS(-.-\7U9+O10*!1LHN^ 2
UA7$6H


-L
U.?6-#A'=AA$@* 0:9*A!@@&TFX*T-!$3S



MY


*!/'UK4UW]TI_D1
M$=T.;LDVXGRNHM?$ FS*J.^M8PMA9KZ\05-




FTF[
MZB2:;







M(NK]_*

4C@K

C Q-S$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;.U=66_D.))^7V#_

32DEMPX?L]C_OD'E82F3IT2F

M?WV;!S@N)$S\*O^UVOASL[I#0BT9^./FV^_WQ


_._][]]G\[%P^/.WL[KZ^O7T8P0IJ/
M\

M_]1?SB

M(%Y- :\C-[R

L
!M&KGHY+_0P(=.H&= 5YF!*2*DFRUL& 

M/H
T/@[I$ ;$O
MB;PIKW.@JA$5WXC\%9)@DH(0;DFJ(JC2
 7&O8..;D4?W

FV+5@W%Z8QF\=.!/\!:

M(XMUY/V81L$(+





MQ7%79PH_3/='_FQ_T6;?#8)=*2S.Z69Y.*''FD&.-A^MKDCPWR2D9\R]$1F[






M5A3RO+3;
MC:; R83BS2Q+




MH-#.&1RU=*W: 
%A8$O']
?8I3G@#^^SIRC@:+_4!H1NW5K$ 
#1^I9.XXO%
M
9K-HC!W$S]

0?^V2TL!X$F#1&



MT@@3$FS&
$9RZ+D</%1@$:TBY1;.;T&CY)RE3%4S)#?
'P[+N9,T#P*KJM+H2_ :/[TU$UR]&E#-!<

OU#H@ 8=6,88$J*SDSQ9?7&\E
2DR0M
M+1GB^ NOB]

M

UCM
MG2




\#!.\:4?@K%KR LH&
SI

]


MD:4TJ63D*5@CZJ. %A 42I.QQ%EK=6$B2V 2)MQIL\SL#K@1G




S'(W\N3!WKC^ZOG%
MRB0] !X*;V@5JH20L.7KVYHUNDB\(I6XU$5';:W!3;1:ADB  K!X;H:93PT

FC





MSK.;




6%'IW^ ()ZAM]FI($)F:&^(7
F=IS&*
SA X$]284J1

^=9

)PV%R=_\K%T$X:


M

M4P


-T&PU!0 05+]54+$+ 47%C
B</*4?N0BGQ*6^

:]7Z8$IIX4HPDMS&$W#UL
MS*^6^_^F40 

XN

LS2:13[_V(F
M'ZIU=+I=!(_IFF3C0S931:6R-ST47DG6+T0N-',L5=$A2R RQ+W-DL3,'='
M8!5ITE?H6A1[(RF.-R ABW*^Y&!7&&/5.@-P^%T^J$:H
#UD4NWQM8H
MZ 4H$=3\J4TB&Q:R\.Z&O-(=D=

 Q%_+%

5)WA%

!S=


MUE6


A:'BG



KVJFYCI_XUL:5UN9CM 2*&T)+X$U*BK8B'0Q6&







FR
M8-SQ7BDE3^E'W:FE$_P1^B34[7I*QE%
[LFS^T[_?3B+

.

/
MV\2![K$4D#ILE=N*:9U5)$REO4IH+%1!3%1W:OH085N+:=ZIS(-AASQ='F
MOI%)3/)3@+@B%ZLM2(O@/1#6K&:X#/@ D-U+L/\@R. $0^I\A0.O
CAS5QR4
  !A+9JL%4%G[EZ[P:A(LW,%9OFXP+DXE'
MDK3<VBW%*<E8A0PF:N?7H4


C
Q


@SWJJDQ4)O!EXI;(_
-_/C^D


M0_CH\

C'7ELUTSLB
MI2LYKW1Y/%I-D[@(;=[R6^JJ*@FR-[E=RG](J^B=)3<74Z7$E_B<?V\Y7/:





/011:H_P





4O2E


M:0D1HPP!()+.YH&A[.D]+T687[O&Z[RHDNP.CD^E6Q@UBX^%B4QZV?JDGHM:


M(@A2O'EYN

C4;^X8@#.0)Z5#

M






M?J1W.5-J



MI')KLIR


M+'%]V+XN\A4N(3UAE)8-6P0-!FR58FOHF:/*%;8X5F2:FRP2^'6_GJR#9'



MR2A?:[GT_MQ8#SV_9* =+U?JX_9Z!M(M6H;4?I8NG




C6K*G[]26PC



.J7I_@


RSYW:<%
-2+CQVD?-N\W&$[

$WUXHJ7$ ;J$^D?

M+ TD7!-ZP


0@58
M#7@]9(O2Z\/GC6IX$&


M)T-@^A/F)D
Y=;IBFZ=L(YP<]Y\8W



MUI4*YV_['Q














;G%#Y -6504-9+?]P+


K,_\P%#%Y-/](=O%]VD&<[.#PW#XZTT

-@^V[3BJQRAH8[:K+^2.)Z];\Z-SN5WHVKP




M$]+#)&N2@OM'O 9!?)() _BX?
XTO/930%]$[.&IDD!B_F'2EN@WWWW\\:?F


MN)Y=WLR.%^?SRYN@'CJ;CA-?@
-FD-SA[F2#(1V;X&K+ 'DFS

MA5W&2NZS*Q60#QRSM4





M@.H@CAQHTCK1]EE]ZDYH?LI$U^\%);55/!XR&R5RX_'^=;TVZSVA
ORL@]
1UC2';)-+&UP4M9PCY7



N\J&197YR^3+!'+/=$82Q<W=GE
MZ6J%H9XG;E=GUV3TKS%T4I(FU&_
JC

M







M

&MV6:=F#;MMUMA+6^C8+


Y@ ^9WZ

;J-EYU%63;@]@[+3CMM_U=RH

MWJ.XZ0%(K8=N
DR[Y$Q3=<715$Q_EJA0LROB?J


MFJ%-;4%JJ/FU'&GDB@E3$!8C#\&06





O=RT?'





_W7G[21P/.K=C/,[):W[ J[5F9Q)BE_NPZH@\*R][KKSKW _OM
M0RZ) 6L.SNO@]U#S[\XO'K0?;L/H3G[6;3]7=3[83?7A$9^QFV/]KQ25$(P





]EY-)S'J4E18PVKMBS3!P
MT#(: W\P







MM'!0/PU!32/H==/
FPZ2:J_25_9 \CX4UDTP7T#[QMS;_9CH$P=S(T&K_N

M1\P=



9BW(/+N5GE OV]!CO*H
7P?)<5#E'W!\*Y6 1<=HW/H:#49PH@RP EHRX(:'O0+X_*\4[56
MZ087.(O0T5MT15;3Y?W!5B.B)QP'TR;?M45.U7JZ-!XS( X-R0:%[HRJ$4=K
M1$-YT;#22HMAQN&16CE_8SSU:K +^C+\B(BQG  L2Z&!]#;*O L8
BUXNG

6HL\_\EC:SOT9=D&:7PRB0@A*H1(BR2+(%'
)NU
M[5+\



86UJ1K10
Z.-S)#6L 5QFS!J *U2




05JYFPD6XWUG*(CQGH1</7[
2+\EB*8:;
M\BM
P$'FECM\A*






M8  B?X'+L12'5X)R;V'+-=2:^.5V7%3&=

M7?D-H]V]ASD;CX5!Q+OG?(]]@;29'3TOE$DSUG.^1_O,=%&7:\!CM]XZO2

[N

XB?@B9\





__;NR]W5X8=W!W_]SW__









M!D93-K'';FZMK!;ZS&_/RL2!WV/: QW/QH]
:=+=^8EJVM_W57&$I W8M!LX
M6Q6E!&D#=KMX[M.'JRCY9D;L5CT+'?KD9\N4C&=G2QK&A-)1/#WS:0CC9Y(2

KI=75LC





&X2KR
MYP*6MLIXP^;1M . S]
0



41*P0BX='+
MF$W'/T@4_2U.OL6?B4^3F$RO*5V25#HM!76\CE-EM<[TE$24(M9F5F!^GL2

%I4\) (*
6LQZ\_&:LVY)8])RL[*F.(H]%UE





T=[IR87J-!;RN.K-R+3TE&)#-$KZ+7+[F%SB%=A#2($KI

M0)TZ2B9T;


(U$?=&82ZJJ0%
%OVZ_L
SFET$K7O^#4^_0C!3^









*(YRI='9UV.SO'51B'&;D)


M;]!0%: J5CQW!VML/%@


0U;+[ ED^$?5.I\J-2


!

8:@R%0N+ *I@2G:0(XK3A9WQCD1I*455P8#('B
M0*S7UA:
.Y^
HCTPFFVRH(7RP41Q0B:OA$\C!8.LW.2$K)C7LFUTE-M DM

:6)8#4)-


A.U[8


3N%_A*TI'4
MBB@T?ANLJU *@F2
U40




V=)(7'






M38-6P'0XW#%#LOE#QAAX&_:S$MOD#_YZ+
!FC8$I@0Q54'8]:-!X\8?1LV

M+/Q7SF6U

F?M8QU)L'VL-FJ@(M@)Q;6.

EM&-^%



5_$U:(8/![4\3*CF1^S
!E#\@LU



66$;.M]_675P$1(]%@K


7[1C-#?[@%;(_H$I;8!JL
MWF=.VC;%-6':OUOY5MYG\9D\FTJHZ@6_NJ\MOKA



N]_I(KL[K


!WA*1/84!$S^ *RX(5



8 AS 5&DO).]SN


M3S LC.4@#
G4I-!7?[]*THU36G6([#0$AL3EQ-4?)P*
@L'2P)2\ O1Y9CD+

@5O_7\*B^CZ+R]/3(S3U7'K


4F+

M6)VI;4\CK#
MQF5EZ_513!.E515J?P'

#6
M#0
_70V7F

*L^_*S^





YVH)0QNV&_F[
*4G

CB:\NU_R18@S8TFZG:*R/

M_I%ULY[;I

(.GRG]8WKQ79UFZ69O_CK*
0J_2']N


XC7N7D'W!(6[)C.HUJEHCN/G
MJ6CY@*I[@F)WQB/+]%0TA_+S5#0&0ZXJ1@2OM4-(?3AE/1NCOG[@E&U4UG
MKI8PM.$T\[,?$7I+GDC,W@.0^0*EDA[:YQMS;@1,<CTZ$K RR7L=8HXG6 X





0;:[?E/*9.W)!5T8!










21 (1A+0CR&@)6/Z=D




M8






M


M;X2\M1QD10;R3E%\_6Q+ B;HK3U+XCQ;J #X=?Q$:-VQPVG$&W90;


-NP=V3]8M.&3'[&)




GRGWY
DNFW


C Q
M-S$R

M     ( !LV4  &)E;F@M
C Q-S$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #N%
MD$Q2.O76AP   _, 0 5                3=L  !B96YH+3(P

C
Q
M7V1E9BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      [A9!
SXYQO^DM   V7 ( %0

C Q-S$R
S%?

