

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-17-017226
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170329
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bio-En Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001568139
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				990369116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-186629
		FILM NUMBER:		17721749
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MONSEY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10954
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8453647151
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MONSEY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10954
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Olivia Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130129









     






Washington
 D.C. 20549






ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES



December 31
2016




TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE




to ________________





charter)



    
    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Monsey
 New York
    
    

    
    
    




 including
area code)


of the Act:



    
    
    

    
    
    




of the Act:

Shares of Common Stock
 $0.0001 par value



a well-known seasoned issuer
No



&nbsp;No



(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 



electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp; 



filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
to the best of Registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 


of the last business day of the Company&rsquo;s second fiscal quarter
 so there was no aggregate market value of common stock held
by non-affiliates.&nbsp;



 2017 there were 32
350
003
shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

Exhibits incorporated
by reference are referred to in Part IV.





    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    



    
    


CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS

&rdquo;)
contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements.&rdquo; Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because
they discuss future events or conditions
 forward-looking statements may include words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo;
&ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;might
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo;
&ldquo;forecast
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue&rdquo; negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made
 are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about
the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause
our actual results
 level of activity
 performance or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations or
plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.


Accordingly
 such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements
or that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any
of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Report and include
information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations
 including statements about potential acquisition or
merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements
regarding future acquisitions
 future cash needs
 future operations
 business plans and future financial results
 and any other
statements that are not historical facts.


our intentions
 plans
 expectations
 assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties and other
factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results
expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 the events described
in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described.
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Report.
All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to
us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred
to in this Report.


 we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events
 a change
in events
 conditions
 circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements
 or otherwise.




 the terms &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
&quot;W(w)e
&quot; &quot;U(u)s
&quot; &quot;O(o)ur
&quot; &quot;Bio-En Holding Corp.
 &ldquo;Bio-En&rdquo;
 &ldquo;BHC&rdquo;
&quot;
and &ldquo;Issuer&rdquo; mean Bio-En Holding Corp.
 unless the context clearly requires otherwise.


    
    








 is a Delaware corporation
incorporated on August 2
 2011. As mentioned previously
 the Company initially intended to be a world leader by setting the standard
for waste to bio-fuel technologies. The Company held
 and still holds a license agreement for a portfolio of patents including
Gravity Pressure Vessels and supporting appurtenances (&ldquo;


to build
 operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta
&rdquo;).
The Facility would combine technologies from the waste management industry and integrate the recycling of waste
 control of carbon
dioxide and other emissions
 with the profitable production of fuel grade Ethanol.


in obtaining the full funding required to establish the Facility. Consequently
 the Company is considering additional or alternative
ways of commercializing the Licensed Technologies as well as searching/researching for new investments opportunities
 as discussed
below.




&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 entered into the development stage and devoted substantially all of its efforts to
the development of its business plan
 whereby Company intended to be a world leader of setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel
technologies. The Company intended to plan
 design
 and execute agreements to build
 operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy
facility on the island of Malta
 which is contingent on sufficient capital funding. &nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s fiscal year-end is
December 31.




intends to offer profitable solutions to environmental problems by the integration and application of proven technologies and methods
that deal with waste materials and the processing of biomass to fuel grade ethanol or other biofuels. The Company focused on the
up-to-date use of established process engineering principles joined with specific patented technology available to it through a
license agreement entered into on March 23
 2014 between BEC and GeneSyst International
 Inc. a Delaware corporation
 the license
agreement assigned by BEC to Company
 previously referred to as the Licensed Technology.




Enterprise
 the governing body in Malta overseeing projects for the government indicating the Company had been given a green light
to design
 build and operate the Facility to convert municipal solid waste and other forms of cellulosic biomass to ethanol subject
to requirements established by Malta Enterprises and the government of Malta
 as well as other intended governments. The Facility
assuming the receipt/confirmation of the necessary funding
 was initially expected to be fully operational within 18-24 months
of full funding.


GREEN project
 the Facility combining technologies from the waste management industry to be integrated into the Facility&rsquo;s
overall waste recycling program
 control of carbon dioxide and other emissions and the profitable production of fuel grade ethanol
and other Biofuels.


 brought to the plant
 the sale of ethanol or other biofuels
 sale of carbon dioxide
and sale of excess electricity to Malta. No off-take contracts have been entered into as of this time. In addition to these traditional
sources of revenue
 the Company expected to derive additional revenue from biofuels production subsidies.

Green Business Opportunity and Cellulosic
Feedstock


Middle East turmoil
 government Biofuel incentives
 clean-tech venture investments and maturing technologies
 all these factors
contributing to the critical mass necessary to launch the Biofuel market in a meaningful way.


    
    



and its production from food grains is widespread. However
 the use of the food grains in the production of ethanol along with
the cost for fuel is causing widespread increases in food prices and governments are now seeking alternative feedstock and fuel
sources to accommodate the increasing demand for clean fuels from sustainable sources other than food grains or fossil fuels.


to enormous opportunities and transitional challenges over the next ten years. A few issues hold the key to these growth opportunities.
If the promises of competitive
 large-scale cellulosic ethanol production is realized
 and if national import/export policies for
Biofuels are further liberalized
 then the possibilities for ethanol to replace 20% of gasoline consumption in the USA
 Europe
China and India may be actualized by the year 2020.




worldwide burgeoning demand for Biofuels
 thus adding value to the Company and high returns for the Company&rsquo;s investors by
&rdquo;)
and other cellulosic feedstock into fuel grade ethanol and other Biofuel. The Company&rsquo;s use of patented Gravity Pressure
&rdquo;) technology will demonstrate its leadership in setting the standard for best practicable waste
conversion to fungible Ethanol and other Biofuels for the world market in an environmentally friendly manner. The Company believes
that its Malta project
 as a prototype would have been the future standard used to measure all projects of this type and would
likely lead to additional projects in other parts of the world. Additional locations for a prototype facility are now being sought.




the Company assumed the license agreement (the &ldquo;License Agreement&rdquo;) with GeneSyst International
&rdquo;)
the exclusive licensing agent for a portfolio of patents including the GPV and supporting appurtenances. The license and patents
are issued by political boundary
 with exclusive rights defined by the physical location of the Facility. There are no restrictions
on source of materials or marketing of products. Pursuant to the Merger
 the Company assumed the rights and responsibilities under
the License Agreement.


of income
 but not less than $330
000.00 per year. After the initial payment
 alternate one-time payment plans are available. Supporting
services are available by separate arrangement coincident with the License Agreement. As new patents are developed
 they are automatically
added to the patent portfolio without additional charge.


the most recently issued patent
 which is twenty years from the original filing date. Quality control matters are built into the
License Agreement.


patents pertaining to the Company&rsquo;s business is included in the License Agreement. The most applicable and flexible patent
being US 8496754
 which patent has been approved in the EU awaiting publishing. Another which has several advantages has been disclosed

8
496
754 B2 Titmas Date of Patent: Jul.30
 2013


the License Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the provisions of the License Agreement filed as Exhibit
10.2 to this the Company&rsquo;s 2016 10-K
 which was filed on April 13
 2015 and which is incorporated by reference herein. The
License Agreement tis currently still valid and continuing.




toward a process whereby woody cellulosic material is converted to ethanol via acid hydrolysis of cellulosic material to sugars
that are subsequently fermented. The acid hydrolysis takes place in a GPV. In particular
 the present invention is directed to
apparatus and methods for impregnating woody cellulosic material with an alkali to make it more amiable to treatment in the GPV.
In more particular embodiments
 this invention is also directed toward employing ultrasound in a GPV to aid in the processing of
woody cellulosic material.



plan
based on the design of the Facility
 was to produce 88.5 million liters (23.3 million gallons) of fuel grade Ethanol each year
which it would sell under contract to offshore users and spot purchasers. The production volume can be adjusted to accommodate
short-term increases in overall capacity.


Ethanol production facility having an initial capacity to take in a mixture of raw materials amounting to 370
000 wet metric tons
of Biomass per year.


and various forms of Biomass as the raw feedstock in the production process. The GenySyst process is a wet-based procedure and
requires a supply of water to initiate the operation of the process. This water supply can come from any non-salt water source
direct potable water
 rain water
 final effluent from a sewage works
 or from recovered process water from businesses or from sewage
sludge. Once initiated
 the internal process water is continuously recycled. Water supply would be supplemented with make-up water
contained within new supplies of Biomass and sources of non-potable water.


    
    



from the plant would be treated in a small waste water treatment processing plant located on or adjacent to the site. The waste
water treatment plant will be designed to produce water that is suitable for discharge into inland watercourses or for irrigation
purposes
 as well as make-up water or used in the production of electricity from the Combined Heat and Power (&ldquo;CHP&rdquo;)
plant. Excess power not used at the Facility will be sold to the appropriate grid.


on site as part of the Facility. This will allow the Facility to operate independently of the local Electrical Grid. The Facility
may use residual heat and by-products
 such as Methane and a CHP plant
 to provide the power needed for the plant to operate. The
Facility will be a net producer of heat energy that can be converted to electricity and sold to local users.


facility
 or any further materials produced during the production process would be non-toxic
 and can be reused or incorporated
into construction materials and pavement foundations for roads.




would vary according to the type and source of Biomass. The estimated range is from 550 liters per dry metric ton from pure cotton
400 to 450 liters per dry metric ton of recovered paper and wood
 300 to 350 liters per dry metric ton from green waste in parks
and gardens and food waste
 to around 200 to 250 liters per metric ton from MSW.


include recovered paper
 green waste from parks and gardens
 MSW
 as well as coastal sea weed and shore debris.


and recovered paper
 augmenting the feedstock with a blend of additional raw materials to increase bottom line revenues.

Integration of Technologies for Mitigation
and Production


existing proven technologies with GeneSyst&rsquo;s GPV technology to convert the cellulose content in Biomass into fuel grade Ethanol
Biofuel and other byproducts that can be sold in the open market.




Facility needed to convert municipal and agricultural wastes to Ethanol and Biofuel have been in use and functioning for many years.
Two decades ago
 a breakthrough occurred in the creation of a &ldquo;continuous pressure cooker&rdquo; that operated with extremely
high thermal and mechanical efficiency coupled with industry setting records for on-line availability. This is now known as the
GPV.


GPV accepts and processes solid wastes in water. When the GPV technology was coupled with wastewater treatment technology
 the
joining of these technologies supported a process that achieved rapid
 high volume processing of waste products and various other
environmentally unfriendly raw materials into environmentally safe Biofuel at a low sustainable cost.


 cost for feedstock. Company&rsquo;s robust returns are a
result of the low cost of its feedstock
 which in fact is not a cost (liability) but a source of revenue (asset)
 since the local
government would pay a tipping fee to get rid of its MSW. The use of MSW and other waste feedstock ensures economically viable
operations with or without tax incentives and meets the sustainability requirements which have been written into EU laws pertaining
to the sustainability of Biofuel production. The use of grains and other foodstuffs to make Biofuel has caused widespread increases
in the cost of food in Europe and is affecting the economics of everyday life.




have been made based upon generally accepted engineering procedures to predict performance of the facility as well as the economic
expectations to be derived from these practices. In order to be successful
 it is necessary to build a facility that is more efficient
and more effective than previous technologies employed by others. To accomplish this with minimal risk
 certain protocols have
been established by the Company&rsquo;s engineers to insure that the plant to be designed and built will meet all requisite standards
discussed throughout the body of this plan. The Company&rsquo;s engineers believe these extrapolations are limited
 conservative
and reasonable in nature so as to result in a financially viable facility. However
 some actual results may differ from projections
due to unforeseen developments.




to the Saccharides by Weak Acid Hydrolysis prior to making Ethanol has been used in the United States in the Pulp and Paper industry
for over 30 years
 using small scale plants with heating under pressure in multiple batch tanks above ground. The GPV has been
used for twenty years to oxidize wet waste materials. During this time GPVs were also used for the conversion of waste streams
to commercial commodities
 thus proving their viability and profitability.


    
    






    
    
Need for a clean
 non-polluting process for the manufacture of fuel grade Ethanol

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
In less developed countries
 waste production per capita is rising
 probably at an even faster rate than the EU
 as per-capita GNP and living standards increase

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Oil
 electricity and other energy prices are all rising

    
    
Population is rising and land is getting increasingly expensive
 particularly land used for growing feedstock for fuel

    
    
Transportation costs are increasing - reflecting rising oil
 land and labor prices

    
    
Increasing demand for waste treatment in urban areas
 coupled with ongoing health concerns requires innovative application of proven technologies/methods to treat waste economically

    
    
    

    
    
    





Titmas
 a professional engineer with 54 years of experience in water and waste treatment
 and the founder of GeneSyst International
Inc.


to convert celluloses to saccharides was discovered in the 1820&rsquo;s and used by Henry Ford in the 1920-30&rsquo;s to provide
the feed stock for producing fuel grade Ethanol.


converting celluloses to high value saccharides
 and thus increases the resulting yield of Ethanol from Biomass and waste materials.


process by using a shallow commercial water well chamber modified to be a sealed vacuum chamber in which hangs the GPV. After receipt
and initial shredding of cellulosic materials
 the Biomass is mixed with water and impregnated with a mild alkali solution. The
processed Biomass then enters the outer annulus of the GPV passing downwards
 pre-heating and accumulating pressure. In the reaction
chamber at the bottom of the GPV
 Oxygen is used to destroy tramp organics that inhibit fermentation followed by the introduction
of a catalyst (dilute carbonic acid) to instigate the disassociation of the celluloses to saccharides (sugars). This oxidation
step is exothermic and after pre-heating
 Celsius). With a small portion
of un-reacted nitrogen and thermal expansion
 the density of the mixture is lowered to allow natural convection to move the fluids
through the GPV without pumping. The mixture
 which is now sugar based
 rises up the inner pipe after neutralization of its acid
in the reaction chambers. The mixture continues to rise driven upwards past the downward flowing colder feed mix
 and as it does
it allows its heat to pass through the wall of the inner heat exchanging pipe to the descending raw materials in the outer annulus
of the GPV. At the surface the sugar mixture is then cleaned using conventional water processing equipment and forwarded for conversion
to Ethanol or Biofuel ready for sale. All tanks and processing vessels are enclosed. The system is completely sealed to prevent
loss of product
 odors and environmental contamination. Ethanol produced from Biomass waste eliminates the production of new Green
House Gases (GHG) arising from the waste. Ethanol is used up to an 85% concentration as a substitute for the refined fossil fuels
as an additive to gasoline. It offers a further reduction in the emission of GHG giving additional benefits to the environment.
The GHG emissions of landfill gasses are also dramatically reduced.




cellulosic material uses a combination of higher temperatures with acid conditions. The higher the temperature
 the lesser the
amount of acid needed. This hydrolysis reaction process is nearly instantaneous and must be arrested before the acids decompose
the saccharides created from de-polymerization of the cellulosic materials. In the case of the GPV the acidic conditions are neutralized
to arrest the reaction and the heat energy is recovered.


advantage made available by using a continuous plug flow GPV reaction chamber
 combined with the advantages of no moving parts
a tolerance for large size pieces and use of many types of raw materials
 the internal recycling of pressure and heat energy all
combine to create high availability.


which leads to increased productivity at lower costs.


    
    


Recap of the Gravity Pressure Vessel and
How It Works



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The shaft is brought under vacuum pressure
 like a vacuum flask

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
At the bottom of the pipe
 celluloses converts to sugars in a low pH environment

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
After the celluloses are cracked in the &ldquo;reactor&rdquo; chamber
 the sugar dissolves and rises through the inner pipe to the closed sedimentation tanks on ground level

    
    
    

    
    
    





 as proposed and designed for Malta
 was
intended to be a finance
 design
 construction and operational facility
 targeted to make upwards of 88 Million liters per year
of the Bio-Ethanol. The source material to make this would be 270
000 dry metric tons equivalent per year of the Raw Material Biomass.


be made using the process known as Dilute-Acid Hydrolysis in conjunction with GeneSyst&rsquo;s patented GPV &trade; along with
remainder of plant engineering and design obtained from the waste water (sewage) treatment industry and traditional fermentation
and distillation plant technology used in the Ethanol Industry.


strategy has been to identify a first class team to design and construct and operate the plant.. It would be using the appropriate
FIDIC (F&eacute;d&eacute;ration International Des Ing&eacute;nieurs-Conseils) Conditions of Contract to ensure that any issues
are normalized under traditional working practices as used in the EU.


to a Design and Construct contract where a portion of the design may not be fully developed until construction is about to start.
However
 as soon as the financing is in place and mobilization of the designers and construction companies has occurred
 this process
would be started. This whole procedure will be nurtured through a VM/VE (Value Management/Value Engineering) audit trail which
would be under constant review by the in-house staff and consultants for the Company.


the residual planning assays need to be finalized before the actual construction begins. These investigations may be carried out
simultaneously with the need to assess and confirm the supply of the raw materials used to make the Biofuels
 and confirmed by
the necessary laboratory testing which will be carried out in the local testing centers and University. At the same time
 pre-orders
should be lodged with the longest lead time items including that for the drilling company that will be needed to drill the bore-holes
for the installation of the three GPVs. All boreholes should be drilled to the common depth of 610 meters (2000 feet) needed for
the process. The drilling of these boreholes and the installation of the steel-work would take approximately six (6) weeks. Two
major drilling companies have been asked for quotes for this part of the operation and early indications suggest that one will
be the most acceptable in terms of practice
 record and price for this part of the work. Again
 the lead time to obtain the fermentation
and concentration plant for the production of the Ethanol will also be required to be ordered early on and this should be organized
at the same time.


the sections making up the overall plant needed for full commercial operation
 complete with its pre-treatment settlement tanks
needed to prepare the Biomass
 and its subsequent post GPV cleaning mechanical elements for cleaning the saccharides/sugars and
treatment plant items may be put on-line making the plant ready for full service and for training personnel in operations and maintenance.


final waste water (or residual effluent) treatment process plant
 the anaerobic digestion facility
 its CHP (Combined Heat and
Power) plant for creating electrical generation capacity and the residual water treatment component for discharging water for irrigation
purposes.


installed
 the construction and fitting out of the additional GPV that form the main service units of the overall plant will be
carried to completion. Simultaneously with the development of the service units
 the facilities for the processing and preparation
of the Biomass will be ongoing along with the facilities for post GPV cleaning of the saccharides/sugars) and treatment items for
fermentation and concentration of Biofuels and/or Ethanol.


moved to its own on-site storage tanks so the locale and the EU Customs and Excise Authority can inspect and confirm the amount
and specifications of the fuel prior to its release and collection by Company&rsquo;s own transportation fleet of HGV Class III
articulated tankers to ship the fuel to the storage depot for export. Additional storage tank for the Ethanol can be built to accommodate
this need.


    
    






    
    
&rdquo;) is currently integrated into the operating expense budget projections. However
 it is envisioned that the O&amp;M function will be organized as a separate Company Contractor under a separate contract expected with an EPC contractor.




    
    
The Biomass to Ethanol Facility is not a complex type of plant and uses traditional and standard equipment that is generally used across a wide selection of water
 waste water
 chemical and food process industries. The O&amp;M Contractor personnel will be trained people with experience from the necessary based chemical and waste water and process industries.




    
    
    





from different sources of Biomass ranges from 132 liters of Ethanol per metric ton
 to over 340 liters per metric ton from raw
materials rich in fiber such as wood
 low lignin pulp and sugar beet residues. It is estimated
 over 40 different kinds of fiber
sources may be available from population centers
 many associated with negative cost sourcing
 all of which are usable in GPV processing.
Negative cost sourcing refers to buyer cost factors. Buyer cost factors are response adjustments that occur when dealing with a
particular supplier. Buyer cost factors account for negative (and positive) aspects inherent in dealing with a particular supplier.
Such aspects could include the risk involved in dealing with a particular supplier because of supplier location
 or possible supplier
past performance. For example
 a new and untried supplier (or new manufacturing or shipping location for an incumbent supplier)
exposes the buying organization to a higher risk of supply disruption simply because the buying organization has no experience
of buying from the new supplier or location. Buyer cost factors are used in transformational bidding/quoting.


a majority of the total volume of organic wastes from human activity. The process is believed to meet and exceed all public mandates
to recycle. The conversion process has no air emissions. The separation
 fermentation and distillation processes are well known
and widely used.




would allow for significant efficiencies along with administrative
 environmental and social advantages.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




The GPV or &ldquo;Titmas
processes. The problems
arose from complications in recovery of first stage combustion energy (complex heat exchanger failures) incidence of toxic emissions
from chlorinated and toxic inclusions in the feed stocks
 char and clinker interference with continuance ash extraction
 low &ldquo;on
line availability (less than 75%) failure to meet permit standards during start up and shut down protocols and an overall failure
to &ldquo;scale up&rdquo; beyond weekly batch operations larger than 100 tons per day. Despite the known technical failings of
gasification
 promoters continue to garner investment of significant funds which will fail on observing the traditional problems
have not been resolved


    
    



The generic family of processing materials
 known as the &ldquo;pump and tank&rdquo; mechanical means of inducing higher temperatures
in fluids via pumping and heat exchangers includes: wet oxidation (Zimproet. Al.) pyrolysis
 acid hydrolysis (both concentrated
and dilute). All have in common the use of heat to crack
 decompose or make digestible complex organic debris &ndash; basically
similar to cooking foods for the same reasons. The most common practitioner of these arts was the Zimpro process which built over
200 commercial plants between 1960 and 1990. Of these it is understood that only 5 are still in operation by virtue of cannibalization
of parts from other units. Again
 the problems revolve around &ldquo;on line availability
&rdquo; mechanical complexity
 moving
parts
 operator challenges and low yields. Attempts at strong acid hydrolysis in lieu of wet oxidation had the added complication
of acid destruction of containment vessels. Yields in all cases were low due to the time period to manipulate the combination of
the cellulose to sugar reaction (the combination of higher temperatures and acidic conditions) and complex mixtures of thick cellulosic
semi-solid pastes obligated by the costs of pumping and containment. The longer the reaction
 the more sugars were destroyed before
extraction.

Rather
than solve the problems of acid hydrolysis researchers moved to the more academic fields of enzyme enhancements which to date have
turned out to require the use of expendable proteins for the saccharides conversion. Enzymes also held the promise of continuous
academic study which also had a peculiar advantage in the research fields. Lignin remains problematic and some attempts are at
hand to separate cellulose
 hemi cellulose and lignin prior to further processing. Most of these are pursuing agricultural raw
materials. The same problems of the processing of incoming MSW remain the same
 noting that many components of agri-wastes and
MSW share many characteristics and processing challenges in common. The real shortfall occurs from the seasonality of agricultural
cellulose sources and the costs to collect and transport adequate quantities of agricultural chaff.




out any customers because the facility is yet to be built.



:&nbsp; The EU
maintains two complementary pieces of legislation relating to renewable fuels: the Renewable Energy Directive (RED) and the Fuel
Quality Directive (FQD). Together
 these directives establish targets for the adoption of renewable fuels in EU member states by
2020. Transportation fuels are one category of fuels covered by these directives
 and the targeted goals cover all renewable fuels
&ndash; that is
 they are not limited to ethanol. The FQD is relevant to the present discussion in that it establishes a limit
of 10% for ethanol blending within EU member states
 which are obligated to adopt national laws in conformance with the requirements
of the directive.


Renewable Energy Directive (RED) requires that by 2020 all transportation fuels in the EU must contain 10% Biofuel. Individual
EU states are free to incrementally build up to this target as they see fit
 meaning that current mandated levels vary. Nevertheless
the fines incurred by fuel producers for not meeting local requirements offer some measure of demand stability. Of course
 given
that the mandates are dictated as percentages
 declines in the consumption of the primary fuel for example
 gasoline or diesel
&ndash; will also affect Biofuel demand.


to Biofuels across the board
 but there are numerous other legislative changes that are set to affect specific products in different
ways. Biofuels produced from a raw material that is not part of the food chain
 known as second-generation Biofuels
 are set to
count double when tallying up the bio-content of a fuel blend. This will include Biodiesel
 which is made from used cooking oil
and Ethanol produced from crude glycerin
 which is itself a by-product of Biodiesel production. These changes add up to a positive
future for the product
 which has yet to enjoy widespread usage.




on management&rsquo;s belief that there is a significant market demand for fuel grade Ethanol and other Biofuels derived from sources
other than agricultural feedstock and which are fully sustainable without impacting the food supply chain. The Company believes
that its revenue model has the capability to provide substantial and predictable recurring revenue because it uses waste materials
MSW and agricultural waste at no feedstock costs to the enterprise. In addition to the negative feedstock costs
 the Company will
be receiving substantial gate fees for taking in the waste as well as other environmental cash credits from the EU. The Company
has developed a multi-faceted revenue model that is expected
 over time
 to provide recurring revenue from the following sources:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





in the United States and the EU
 with the latter planning to increase its annual production to about 10% of its liquid fuels by
2020. The United States set an ambitious target to produce about 8 billion gallons annually by 2012 and about 40 billion gallons
by 2022. Though the energy companies are widening their portfolios to include Biofuels
 the move is fraught by significant challenges
such as types of fuels to be used
 regulations and regulatory approvals
 increased usage of land for cultivating Biofuel crops
and diversion of food crops for fuel production which is resulting in the increase of food prices.


    
    



the global market for liquid biofuels outside North America reached $41.7 billion in 2015 and is projected to reach $89.6 billion
in 2020
 reflecting a five-year compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 16.5%.&nbsp;Focusing on the key challenges that still impede
the realization of the billion-metric ton renewable fuels vision
 this Memorandum integrates technological development and business
development rationales to highlight the key technological developments that are necessary to industrialize Biofuels on a global
scale. Technological issues addressed in this work include fermentation and downstream processing technologies
 as compared to
current industrial practice and process economics. Business issues that provide the lens through which the technological review
is performed span the entire Biofuel value chain
 from financial mechanisms to fund biotechnology start-ups in the Biofuel arena
up to large green field manufacturing projects
 to raw material farming
 collection and transport to the bioconversion plant
 manufacturing
product recovery
 storage
 and transport to the point of sale. Green Field manufacturing is form of foreign direct investment where
a parent company starts a new venture in a foreign country by constructing new operational facilities from the ground up. In addition
to building new facilities
 most parent companies also create new long-term jobs in the foreign country by hiring new employees.
Emphasis has been placed throughout the book on providing a global view that takes into account the intrinsic characteristics of
various Biofuels markets from Brazil
 the EU
 the US
 or Japan
 to emerging economies as agricultural development and Biofuel development
appear indissociably linked. Biofuels have emerged as a widely used renewable source of energy in the recent years. However
 the
rising demand for Biofuels in developed as well as developing countries has put a lot of pressure on - such as corn
 sorghum
 and
soy
 which are food crops. To ease off this pressure on food crops
 scientists around the world are working on methods to convert
lignocelluloses from plant waste material into Biofuels
 instead of utilizing more food crops.


from plant such as cellulose
 hemicellulose
 and lignin are known as lingo-cellulosic Biomass. It is possible to categorize lingo
cellulosic Biomass into four categories: energy crops
 wood residues
 agricultural residues and municipal paper waste.


the potential to provide a large portion of cheap fuel for transportation especially if the available conversion processes are
made cost effective. If technological hurdles are overcome
 then a wide variety of lignocellulosic Biomass can be converted into
Biofuels.


ethanol is expected to increase from 14.25m gallons in 2012 to 412.25m gallons in 2020
 with commercial production anticipated
to take off on a large scale thanks to major players adding substantial production capacity and new companies joining the market.
The US is expected to retain its market dominance until 2020.


widely acclaimed alternative or additive for gasoline used for running vehicles
 and the US ranked as number one producer of this
biofuel using natural waste feedstock
 states new analysis.


such as France and Italy have cellulosic ethanol production infrastructure
 but a limited supply of biomass feedstock. Growth of
commercial production in these countries may feel the need to import feedstock from nearby countries or expand production to other
countries with ample feedstock availability. A few producers with upcoming commercial scale plants in the US have already started
signing agreements to procure agricultural residue and other kinds of cellulosic feedstock.




while the Company still finds value in the Licensed Technology
 and usage
 and the possibilities of identifying and securing alternative
locations to build a like-Facility in an alternative location
 to maintain the Company&rsquo;s viability
 we have been forced to
reevaluate our business plans. As such
 our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond will be to achieve long-term
growth potential through starting up a new business or a combination with a business in addition to immediate
 short-term earnings.
We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical location and
thus
 may acquire any type of business.


has and will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have unrestricted flexibility in seeking
analyzing and participating in potential business opportunities. In our efforts to analyze potential acquisition targets
 we will
consider the following kinds of factors:



    
    
Potential for growth
 indicated by new technology
 anticipated market expansion or new products;

    
    
    

    
    
Strength and diversity of management
 either in place or scheduled for recruitment;

    
    
Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds
 to be provided by us or from operations
 through the sale of additional securities
 through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The accessibility of required management expertise
 personnel
 raw materials
 services
 professional assistance and other required items; and

    
    
    



 no one
of which will be controlling
 we will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances and make a determination based upon reasonable
investigative measures and available data. Potentially available business opportunities may occur in many different industries
and at various stages of development
 all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business
opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Due to our limited capital available for investigation
 we may not discover or adequately
evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired.


    
    





will depend upon the nature of the opportunity
 the respective needs and desires of us and the promoters of the opportunity
 and
our relative negotiating strength with such promoters. It is likely that we will require its participation in a business opportunity
through the issuance of our common stock or other securities. Although the terms of any such transaction cannot be predicted
 it
should be noted that in certain circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an Acquisition&nbsp;is a so-called &quot;tax
free&quot; reorganization under Section 368(a) (1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
&quot;)
depends upon whether the owners of the acquired business own 80% or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction
were structured to take advantage of these provisions rather than other &quot;tax free&quot; provisions provided under the Code
all prior stockholders would
 in such circumstances
 retain 20% or less of the total issued and outstanding shares. Under other
circumstances
 depending upon the relative negotiating strength of the parties
 prior stockholders may retain substantially less
than 20% of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. This could result in substantial additional dilution
to the equity of those who were our stockholders prior to such reorganization.


control of a majority of our voting shares following the formation of a new business or a reorganization transaction. As part of
such a transaction
 all or a majority of our directors and officers may resign and new directors may be appointed without any vote
by stockholders.


 the transaction
may be accomplished upon our sole determination without any vote or approval by stockholders. In the case of a statutory merger
or consolidation directly involving us
 it will likely be necessary to call a stockholders' meeting and obtain the approval of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares. The necessity to obtain such stockholder approval may result in delay and
additional expense in the consummation of any proposed transaction and will also give rise to certain appraisal rights to dissenting
stockholders. Most likely
 we will seek to structure any such transaction so as not to require stockholder approval.


specific business opportunities and the negotiation
 drafting and execution of relevant agreements
 disclosure documents and other
instruments will require substantial time and attention and substantial cost for accountants
 attorneys and others. If a decision
were made not to participate in a specific business opportunity
 the costs theretofore incurred in the related investigation would
not be recoverable. Furthermore
 even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity
 the
failure to consummate that transaction may result in the loss to us of the related costs incurred.


 none of our
officers or our directors have not yet had any preliminary contact or discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding
a business combination with us. Any target business that is selected may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its
early stages of development or growth
 including entities without established records of sales or earnings. In that event
 we will
be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging
growth companies. In addition
 we may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level
of risk
 and
 although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
 there can be
no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks.


combination will be complex and extremely risky. Because of general economic conditions
 rapid technological advances being made
in some industries and shortages of available capital
 our management believes that there are numerous firms seeking even the limited
additional capital that we will have and/or the perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits
of becoming a publicly traded corporation include
 among other things
 facilitating or improving the terms on which additional
equity financing may be obtained
 providing liquidity for the principals of and investors in a business
 creating a means for providing
incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees
 and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions
 joint
ventures and the like through the issuance of stock. Potentially available business combinations may occur in many different industries
and at various stages of development
 all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business
opportunities extremely difficult and complex.




management.&nbsp; We have several consultants who currently provide services to us. Some of them are compensated for their services
through the issuance of our shares to them
 which may result in further dilution to our stockholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;We may hire additional
employees
 consultants
 and recruit senior executive members as officers and directors
 which employees may be instrumental in
forming a new business or we may acquire another business with a full management team already on board.


    
    





Annual Report on Form 10-K
 stockholders or prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors:

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below
 together with all of the other information included
in this Report
 before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
or results of operations could suffer. In that case
 the trading price of our shares of common stock could decline
 and you may
lose all or part of your investment. You should read the section entitled &ldquo;Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements&rdquo;
above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements
 as well as the significance of such statements
in the context of this Report.

Risks Related&nbsp;to Our Company and the
Biofuel Industry

We have no trading history and may never
achieve profitability and the failure to raise additional capital could place our continued viability in question.


from external sources to carry out our business plan. If we are unable to generate the required additional capital
 our ability
to meet our financial obligations and to implement our business plan may be adversely affected.&nbsp; We currently have no commitments
to obtain additional capital
 and there can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable
to us
 if at all.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we are not successful in raising additional working capital to support our operations and implement
our business plan
 we may be forced to curtail our operations
 take additional measures to reduce costs
 modify our business plan
and consider strategic alternatives that could include a sale of our business or filing for bankruptcy protection.

We are a development stage green field
company with a limited history and a small employee base
 which makes an investment in us highly speculative.


of fuel grade ethanol
 carbon dioxide
 electricity and other associated products has been based primarily upon the construction
and operation of a future facility in Malta. We have not produced or sold any products to date. Accordingly
 we have a limited
operating history from which you can evaluate our business and prospects.&nbsp;&nbsp; In addition
 our prospects must be considered
in light of the inherent risks
 expenses and difficulties encountered by companies in the early stages of development
 particularly
companies in rapidly evolving markets
 such as the bioenergy market
 where supply and demand may change significantly in a short
amount of time.&nbsp;&nbsp;Some of these risks relate to our potential inability to:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



our business and our results of operations and financial position would suffer.

We may not be able to secure additional
necessary funding on favorable terms
 or at all
 in order to sustain our current operations
 execute on our business plan and market
our products.


our ongoing operations
 including to complete construction the Malta facility or an alternative site. We may raise these additional
funds from public and private debt or equity offerings
 borrowings under bank or lease lines of credit
 or other sources. Any additional
financing may not be available on a timely basis
 on terms acceptable to us
 or at all. Such financing may be dilutive to shareholders
or may require us to grant a lender a security interest in our assets
 which could be detrimental to our shareholders if we are
unable to repay our obligations. The amount of money we will need may depend on many factors
 including:


    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
A decrease in the price we receive for our fuel grade ethanol and other products
 which would &nbsp;reduce our revenues; and

    
    



 we may
incur further delays in completing our facility or be required to curtail or cease our operations altogether. Any of these results
would materially harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Additional delays due to
 among other
things
 labor or material shortages
 permitting or zoning issues
 or opposition from local groups may hinder our ability to commence
operations at the Malta facility
 which would harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


of the Malta facility for any number of reasons
 including compliance with permitting and zoning requirements
 opposition from
local groups
 shortages of labor or material
 defects in materials or workmanship
 changes in interest rates or the credit market
or policy changes at the Malta Government or European Community level.&nbsp;&nbsp; There can be no assurance that we will be able
to raise the additional required capital
 complete construction and operate the Malta facility at full design capacity.&nbsp;&nbsp;
If our timetable for construction and the commencement of operations at the Malta facility is delayed
 this will impact our ability
to generate revenue and achieve profitability
 which would have an adverse material effect on our business
 our financial condition
and our results of operations.

Significant increases in the cost of
constructing the Malta facility may further delay or cause us to abandon construction of the Malta facility
 which would materially
impact our ability to achieve profitability and the value of your shares.


of constructing the Malta facility and commencing operations will not be significantly higher than budgeted.&nbsp;&nbsp; Many events
and conditions
 including economic factors
 site conditions
 design modifications and set-up delays or overruns
 could also lead
to significant increases in project costs.&nbsp;&nbsp; Furthermore
 we need to obtain and comply with a number of permitting requirements
many of which can be costly and time consuming.&nbsp;&nbsp; As a condition to granting necessary permits
 regulators may make additional
demands that increase the costs of constructing and operating the plant.&nbsp;&nbsp; If any of these events occurs
 we could be
forced to seek additional debt or equity financing beyond what we currently expect to need
 which may not be immediately available
may not be available on favorable terms
 or may not be available at all.&nbsp;&nbsp; If additional capital is required
 we may
experience additional significant construction delays
 or fail to achieve profitability
 any of which would have a material adverse
effect on our business
 our financial condition and our results of operations
 and significantly diminish or eliminate the value
of your shares.

We may materially modify our business
plan for any number of reasons
 which may cause us to incur additional costs or further delay the expansion of our production capacity
which would harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


of ways
 including decreasing the design capacity of the Malta facility or abandoning the Hal Far Estate site for an alternative
location. Any material modification to our business plan may result in higher than anticipated construction and start-up costs
at the Malta facility
 require us to abandon the Malta facility with or without the ability to recoup acquisition
 design and construction
costs incurred to date; may cause significant delays before we are able to increase our current production capacity
 cause our
planned production to be significantly below our current estimates
 or result in higher than anticipated operating costs
 any of
which could have an adverse material effect on our business
 our financial condition and our results of operations.


    
    


We operate in an intensely competitive
industry and we may not be able to compete effectively.


 marketing and
sale of alternative fuels is highly competitive. Competition could be intense and result in increases in the costs of raw materials
plant construction and operating expenses
 as well as make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified engineers
 chemists
and other employees whose services could be key to our operations as they develop. Larger companies that are already engaged in
this business may have access to greater financial and other resources
 making it difficult to compete with them in recruiting
and retaining qualified employees
 in acquiring attractive locations for the construction and operation of future production facilities
and selling our products at competitive prices.

New plants under construction or decreases
in the demand for biofuels may result in excess production capacity in our industry.


and the amount of biofuels produced will likely continue to increase in the near future
 which may lead to excess biofuel production
capacity.&nbsp;&nbsp; In a manufacturing industry with excess capacity
 producers have an incentive to manufacture additional products
for so long as the price exceeds the marginal cost of production (i.e.
 the cost of producing only the next unit
 without regard
for interest
 overhead or fixed costs). This incentive can result in the reduction of the market price of biofuel to a level that
is inadequate to generate sufficient cash flow to cover costs.&nbsp;&nbsp; Excess capacity may also result from decreases in the
demand for biofuel
 which could result from a number of factors
 including increased governmental regulation
 the elimination or
modification of governmental incentives
 the development of other technologies or products that compete with biofuel
 or reduced
fuel consumption generally. Excess capacity in the biofuel industry or the reduction of the market price for biofuel could have
an adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.

The production of biofuel requires that
we purchase significant amounts of raw materials
 such as biomass waste
 paper waste and other materials that we may be unable
to procure.


amounts of biomass waste. We will be required to purchase significant amounts of raw materials
 such as biomass waste
 paper waste
and other materials. Such raw materials may be unavailable which could significantly reduce our ability to produce biofuels.

Our business is highly sensitive to the
gate fees we receive and the prices we pay for biomass waste
 and any future price adjustments could increase our operating costs
and may adversely affect our operating results.

Negative consumer perceptions of biofuel
may impair or prevent the acceptance of biofuel in the marketplace
 which could harm our business.


general public acceptance of biofuel is uncertain. Public acceptance of biofuel as a reliable
 high-quality alternative transport
fuel may be limited or slower than anticipated. Even if our production processes consistently produce biofuel that complies with
applicable standards
 actual or perceived problems with quality control in the industry generally may lead to a lack of consumer
confidence in biofuel and harm our ability to successfully market biofuel. Quality control issues in biofuel that is produced by
other industry participants could result in a decrease in demand or mandates for biofuel
 with a resulting decrease in our revenue.
Furthermore
 any negative media reports
 whether substantiated or not
 may adversely affect the demand for our biofuel
 which in
turn could decrease our sales
 harm our business and adversely affect our financial condition.


    
    


Deterioration in European
 United States
and global credit and financial markets may have a material adverse impact on our liquidity
 financial position and ability to
operate our business.


European
 United States and global credit and financial markets could negatively impact our ability to obtain financing to construct
and operate our Malta facility.

We may be adversely affected by environmental
health and safety laws
 regulations and liabilities.


production business is subject to various environmental laws and regulations
 including those relating to the discharge of materials
into the air
 water and ground
 the generation
 storage
 handling
 use
 transportation and disposal of hazardous materials
 and
the health and safety of our employees. In addition
 some of these laws and regulations require our facilities to operate under
permits that are subject to renewal or modification. These laws
 regulations and permits can often require expensive pollution
control equipment or operational changes to limit actual or potential impacts to the environment. A violation of these laws and
regulations or permit conditions can result in substantial fines
 natural resource damages
 criminal sanctions
 permit revocations
and/or facility shutdowns. In addition
 we have made
 and expect to make
 significant capital expenditures on an ongoing basis
to comply with increasingly stringent environmental laws
 regulations and permits.


 new laws
 new interpretations
of existing laws
 increased governmental enforcement of environmental laws or other developments could require us to make additional
significant expenditures. Continued government and public emphasis on environmental issues can be expected to result in increased
future investments for environmental controls at our production facilities. Present and future environmental laws and regulations
(and interpretations thereof) applicable to our operations
 more vigorous enforcement policies and discovery of currently unknown
conditions may require substantial expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
position.

European biofuel industries are highly
dependent upon a myriad of legislation and regulation and any changes in legislation or regulation could materially and adversely
affect our results of operations and financial position.


laws
 regulations and programs that have led to an increase in the supply and demand for biofuels
 some of which provide significant
economic incentives to biofuel producers and users.&nbsp;&nbsp; These laws
 regulations and programs are constantly changing.&nbsp;&nbsp;
The passage of new European and Maltese energy legislation
 or the revocation or amendment of existing laws
 regulations or programs
related to biofuel and renewable fuels
 could have a significant adverse effect on the biofuel industry in general and our business
specifically. We cannot assure you that any of the laws
 regulations or programs from which our business benefits will continue
in the future or that these laws
 regulations or programs will benefit us or benefit us more than our competitors.&nbsp;&nbsp;
The elimination or reduction of government subsidies and tax incentives could cause the cost of biofuel to increase to the point
where it is not feasible to economically produce and market biofuel
 which could require us to abandon our business plan and cease
operations.

Our competitive position
 financial position
and results of operations may be adversely affected by technological advances.


could result in the processes and procedures that we intend to use at our Malta facility becoming less efficient or obsolete
 allow
our competitors to produce biofuel at a lower cost than us
 or cause the biofuel we produce to be of a lesser quality than the
biofuel produced by our competitors.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also
 any advance in biofuel process technology could make our Malta facility
less competitive
 less efficient or obsolete
 any of which could lower the revenue we would otherwise earn from our product sales.&nbsp;&nbsp;
We do not predict when new technologies may become available
 the rate of acceptance of new technologies by our competitors or
the costs associated with new technologies.&nbsp;&nbsp; In addition
 advances in the development of alternatives to biofuel could
significantly reduce demand or eliminate the need for biofuel.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any advances in technology which require significant
capital expenditures to remain competitive or which reduce demand or prices for biofuel would have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial position.


    
    


Defects in the construction or performance
of the Malta facility could result in a reduction in our revenues and profitability and in the value of your shares.


to construct our Malta facility
 we do not believe we will receive any warranties with respect to materials and workmanship or
assurances that the project will be capable of operating at its full design capacity. Defects in the construction or performance
of the plant could occur and there is no assurance that we
 our sub-contractors or anyone else that we contract with to construct
the project would be able to correct all problems that arise.&nbsp;&nbsp; If defects delay the construction or hinder the continued
operation of the Malta facility
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our directors and officers have limited
experience in the construction and operation of a waste biomass to biofuel facility.


in raising large amounts of project finance related equity and debt capital
 or building and operating waste biomass to biofuel
facilities.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although we expect to hire additional personnel and enter into agreements with contractors and consultants
to assist us in constructing and operating the facility
 there is no assurance that we will be able to hire employees or sign agreements
satisfactory to us.&nbsp;&nbsp; If our directors and officers are unable or find it difficult to manage our development and operations
successfully
 our ability to succeed as a business and the value of your shares will be adversely affected.

Our management will be subject to greater
demands and we will incur increased costs as a result of being a public company
 which could affect our profitability and operating
results.&nbsp; Our accounting
 internal audit and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared for these
demands.


States subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the compliance obligations
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. As a public reporting company
 we will incur significant legal
 accounting
 investor relations
and other expenses. These significant expenses could affect our profitability and our results of operations.


annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and a report by our independent
auditors addressing these assessments. These reporting and other obligations will place significant demands on our management
administrative
 operational
 internal audit and accounting resources. We anticipate that we will need to upgrade our systems; implement
additional financial and management controls
 reporting systems and procedures; implement an internal audit function; and hire
additional accounting
 internal audit and finance staff. If we are unable to accomplish these objectives in a timely and effective
fashion
 our ability to comply with our financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies could
be impaired. Any failure to maintain effective internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating
results and stock price.


    
    


We are dependent upon our officers for
management and direction
 and the loss of any of these persons could adversely affect our operations and results.


successful management of our operations and execution of our business plan. We do not have employment agreements with our officers
or other key personnel.&nbsp;&nbsp; The loss of any of our officers could delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives
which could have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations and financial position.

Competition for qualified personnel in
the biofuel industry is intense and we may be unable to hire and retain qualified managers and other key personnel.


at our facility in Malta or any alternative location
 we will need to hire additional employees to manage and operate the plant.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Competition to attract and retain qualified employees is intense in the biofuel industry
 and we expect that competition will continue
or increase as a result of significant growth in the number of companies producing biofuel and other alternative fuels.&nbsp;&nbsp;
If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel
 we may be unable to successfully execute our business plan and our financial
condition and results of operation may be adversely affected.

It may be more difficult for us to retain
or attract officers and directors due to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


in response to public concerns regarding corporate accountability in connection with recent accounting scandals. The stated goals
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to increase corporate responsibility
 to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing
improprieties at publicly traded companies
 and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures
pursuant to the securities laws. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act generally applies to all companies that file or are required to file periodic
reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.&nbsp; The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has led to
a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that significantly increases the responsibilities and potential liabilities of directors
and executive officers. &nbsp; Because of the perceived increased personal risk associated with acting as an executive officer
or director of a public company
 we may be unable
 or it may be significantly more expensive
 to attract and retain qualified executive
officers and directors.

Our directors and officers devote time
to other ventures
 which may adversely impact the time they can devote to our company and its operations.


as officers and/or directors of other companies
 and they devote only that portion of their time
 which
 in their judgment and
experience
 is reasonably required for the management and operation of our company and our business.&nbsp;&nbsp; Executive management
may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time
 services and functions among our company and any current and future
ventures in which they are engaged.&nbsp;&nbsp;If our officers and directors are unable to devote adequate time to manage our operations
successfully
 our potential to succeed as a business and the value of your shares may be adversely affected.

Our ability
to operate depends on obtaining adequate financing to build and operate the Facility
 and our ability to grow and compete in the
future will be adversely affected if adequate capital is not available to us or not available on terms favorable to us.


depends on the availability of adequate capital
 which in turn depends in large part on our cash flow from operations and the availability
of equity and debt financing. We cannot assure you that our cash flow from operations will be sufficient or that we will be able
to obtain equity or debt financing on acceptable terms or at all to implement our growth strategy. We estimated that we will need
a minimum of $80-90 million to successfully implement our business plans of establishing the facility in Malta. As a result
 we
cannot assure you that adequate capital will be available to finance the building and operation of the Facility
 take advantage
of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures
 any of which could harm our business.


    
    


Our future success is dependent
 in part
on the performance and continued service of our Chief Executive Officer.


upon the experience
 abilities and continued services of Serena B. Potash
 our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of services of
any of the management staff could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or results of operation.
We do not intend on taking out key man insurance on Ms. Potash after the Closing Date.

The market price of our Common stock may be particularly volatile
and you may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your purchase price
 which may result in substantial losses to you.


 it is likely to
be characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers
 and we expect that our share price will continue
to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fluctuations in share price could be based on
various factors in addition to those otherwise described in this prospectus
 including:



    
    
    

    
    
The public&rsquo;s reaction to our press releases
 our other public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Actions of our existing shareholders
 including sales of common stock by our directors and executive officers;



    
    




    
    
    

    
    
Other developments affecting us
 our industry or our competitors.



market price of our common stock
 regardless of our operating performance and financial condition.

The market price of our common stock may decline if a substantial
number of shares of our common stock are sold at once or in large blocks.


If a public market for our shares develops in the future
 many of our shareholders may
 subject only to the volume
 manner of sale
and notice requirements of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 in the case of some shareholders
 desire to sell their shares.
Sales of a substantial number of these shares in the public market
 or the perception that these sales could occur
 could cause
the market price of our common stock to decline. In addition
 the sale of these shares could impair our ability to raise capital
through the sale of additional equity securities.

Future issuance
of our Common Stock could dilute the interests of existing shareholders.


shares of our Common Stock in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of Common Stock could have the effect of substantially
diluting the interests of our shareholders. In addition
 the sale of a substantial amount of Common Stock in the public market
either in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition which received such Common Stock
as consideration or by investors who acquired such Common Stock in a private placement could have an adverse effect on the market
price of our Common Stock.




 we have paid no cash dividends on
our common shares. For the foreseeable future
 earnings generated from our operations will be retained for use in our business
and not to pay dividends.

The application
of the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules to our Common Stock could limit trading activity
in the market
 and our shareholders may find it more difficult to sell their stock.


Common Stock will be trading at less than $5.00 per share and is therefore subject to the SEC penny stock rules. Penny stocks generally
are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny
stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction
 and monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. The broker-dealer must also make a special written
determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement
to the transaction. These requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
 if any
 in the secondary
market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such
requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities
 which could severely limit their market
price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock and
may affect your ability to resell our Common Stock.


    
    


We will have
broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds to the company and may not use them effectively.


have broad discretion to use the net proceeds to the company for a variety of purposes
 including
&nbsp;further development of
our products and operations
 working capital and general corporate purposes.&nbsp;We may spend or invest these proceeds in a way
with which our shareholders disagree. Failure by our management to effectively use these funds could harm our business and financial
condition. Until the net proceeds are used
 they may be placed in investments that do not yield a favorable return to our investors
do not produce significant income or lose value.


financial reporting controls and procedures
 it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
 result in the restatement
of our financial statements
 harm our operating results
 subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction
 cause investors to lose
confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common Stock.


us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of internal control over financial
reporting
 which is defined as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by our board of directors
 management and other personnel
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.


 we will have significant
additional requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. We will be required to document and test our internal
control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 which requires annual
management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. The process of designing and implementing
effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the
economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate
to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company.


 in the
future
 identify areas requiring improvement in our internal control over financial reporting. We cannot assure you that the measures
we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be successful or that we will implement and maintain adequate controls
over our financial processes and reporting in the future as we continue our growth. If we are unable to establish appropriate internal
financial reporting controls and procedures
 it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
 result in the restatement
of our financial statements
 harm our operating results
 subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction
 cause investors to lose
confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common Stock.


companies of our management team may hinder our ability to comply with Sarbanes-Oxley Act.


 difficult and costly
for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may need
to hire additional financial reporting
 internal controls and other finance staff or consultants in order to develop and implement
appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures.


    
    


We will incur increased costs as a public
company which may affect our profitability.


 we&nbsp;will incur significant
legal
 accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the SEC&rsquo;s rules and regulations
relating to public disclosure. SEC disclosures generally involve a substantial expenditure of financial resources. Compliance with
these rules and regulations&nbsp;will significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and some activities&nbsp;will
become more time-consuming and costly.&nbsp; Management may need to increase compensation for senior executive officers
 engage&nbsp;additional
senior financial officers who are able to adopt financial reporting and control procedures
 allocate a budget for an investor and
public relations program
 and increase our financial and accounting staff in order to meet the demands and financial reporting
requirements as a public reporting company. Such additional personnel
 public relations
 reporting and compliance costs may negatively
impact our financial results.












offices are located at 56 Main Street
Our officers currently work from
their homes and the Company does not pay any rent. The mailing address is a private address and is provided at no cost to the Company.
&nbsp;



for our current needs and will be adequate
 or that suitable additional or substitute space will be available on commercially reasonable
terms
 for the foreseeable future.




that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action
 suit
proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body
pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting
our company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in
their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.&nbsp;






    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON
EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Market
Information




the OTC Markets under the symbol BENH.&nbsp; There is not active trading market for our common stock.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Record
Holders



 2017 we had 39 shareholders
of our common stock.





 we have not declared
nor paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Our current policy is to retain any earnings in order to finance our operations. Our Board of Directors will determine future declarations
and payments of dividends
 if any
 in light of the then-current conditions it deems relevant and in accordance with applicable
corporate law.

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans


plan.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Use of Proceeds from Sale of Registered Securities


 2016
there were no sales of unregistered securities by the Company.





 2016
there were no repurchases of the Company&rsquo;s common stock by the Company.





required by this item.


    
    


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations
and financial condition of Bio-En Holdings Corp. for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2016 should be read in conjunction with
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual
Report. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties
such as our plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors
 including those set forth under the Cautionary
Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Business sections in this Annual Report. We use words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;continuing
&rdquo; &ldquo;ongoing
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo;
and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements.




of the State of Delaware on August 2
 2011 as Olivia
 Inc. On March 27
 2014
 the Company filed with the State of Delaware a Certificate
of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company&rsquo;s name from Olivia
 Inc. to Bio-En Holdings Corp.


is devoting substantially all of its efforts to the development of its business plan. The Company intends to be a world leader
of setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel technologies. The Company planned to design and execute agreements to build
 operate
and maintain a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta. The Facility would combine technologies from the waste management
industry and integrate the recycling of waste
 control of carbon dioxide and other emissions
 with the profitable production of
fuel


$80-90 million. The Company has so far not been successful in obtaining the full funding required to establish the Facility. Consequently
the Company is considering additional or alternative ways of commercializing the Licensed Technologies as well as searching/researching
for new investments opportunities
 as discussed below.


31.



For the year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015




January 6
 2014 (Inception) through December 31
 2016.




December 31
 2016 were $195
624as compared to $219
984 for the same period at December 31
 2015. Our operating expenses consist
of general and administrative expenses comprised mainly of consulting
 accounting and legal expenses.




 2016 were $195
624 as compared to $219
984 for the same period
at December 31
 2015. As we did not generate any revenues during the year ended December 31
 2016
 our net loss equaled our operating
expenses





statements
 the Company had a net loss of $195
624 as of December 31
 2016
 and a working capital deficit of $464
686 and accumulated
deficit of $642
289 at December 31
 2016. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern.&nbsp;


during the year ended December 31
 2016 was $27
959 as compared to $28
164 for the same period ended December 31
 2015.



    
    




in the year ended December 31
 2016 was $27
791. As compared to $27
970.


its operations is dependent on Management's plans
 which may include the raising of capital through debt and/or equity markets
with some additional funding from other traditional financing sources
 which may include term notes
 until such time that funds
provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The Company may need to incur liabilities with certain
related parties to sustain the Company&rsquo;s existence.


to finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well as to achieve its strategic objectives. There can be
no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
 if at all.




as of December 31
 2016.




material effect on our results of operations.





conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.



lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible
impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
generally on a straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable.



(&quot;FASB&quot;) Accounting Standards Codification (&quot;ASC&quot;) 310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-lived Assets&rdquo;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying
amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount
of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset.


    
    





3% of gross revenues or $330
000. Royalties are payable within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. The first minimum
royalty payment of $330
000 (including of VAT) is due 30 days after the first anniversary following the Company receiving initial
project development funding
 client contract or initiation of engineering and shall be due annually thereafter. Royalties are expensed
in the statements of operation in the period that the related revenues are recognized
 in cost of sales.




for all equity&ndash;based payments in accordance with ASC 718 &ldquo;Share-based payments&quot;. Under fair value recognition
provisions
 the Company recognizes equity&ndash;based compensation net of an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizes compensation
cost only for those shares expected to vest over the requisite service period of the award.


 including
grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values.
That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).


payments granted to non&ndash;employees in accordance with ASC 505
 &ldquo;Equity Based Payments to Non&ndash;Employees&rdquo;.
The Company determines the fair value of the stock&ndash;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or
the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments
issued is used
 it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date
at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached
 or (2) the date at which the
counterparty&rsquo;s performance is complete.






ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK




    
    







For the year ended DECEMBER 31
 2016



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
    

    
    

Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF&nbsp;THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


of



of Bio-En Holdings Corp (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2016 and 2015 and the related statements of operations
changes in stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required
to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration
of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Bio-En Holdings Corp as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
and the results of its operations and cash flows for the period described above in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America.


been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements
 the
Company has not established any source of revenue to cover its operating costs. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company does not have
sufficient working capital and cash resources to meet its planned business objectives. These and other factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plan regarding these matters is also
described in Note 2 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty.



Jerusalem
 Israel
March 23
 2017


    
    








    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
136
1
304

    
1
136
1
304

    
    
    


 net
226
088
245
517

    
    
    

    
227
224
246
821

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
194
033
135
797

    
187
500
97
500

    
84
153
56
362

    
465
686
289
659

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
279
661
279
661

    
    
    

    
745
347
569
320

    
    
    

    
    
    


000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.0001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 32
350
003 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2015
3
235
3
235

    
120
931
120
931

    
(642
289
(446
665

    
(518
123
(322
499

    
    
    

    
227
224
246
821



of these financial statements.


    
    








    
 December 31

 December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
19
429
19
376

    
90
000
90
000

    
10
165
9
819

    
6
593
11
045

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
22
000
22
000

    
13
500
19
500

    
27
000
43
291

    
(188
855
(215
225

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(6
769
(4
759

    
    
    

    
(195
624
(219
984

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
32
350
003
32
350
003



of these financial statements.


    
    









    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2015
    
    
32
350
003
3
235
120
931
(226
681
(102
515

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(219
984
(219
984

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2015
    
    
32
350
003
3
235
120
931
(446
665
(322
499

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(195
624
(195
624

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2016
    
    
32
350
003
3
235
120
931
(642
289
(518
123



of these financial statements.


    
    








    
    

    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(195
624
(219
984

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
19
429
19
376

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
58
236
82
444

    
90
000
90
000

    
    
    

    
(27
959
(28
164

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
27
791
27
970

    
27
791
27
970

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
304
1
498

    
    
    

    
1
136
1
304



of these financial statements.


    
    








is a Delaware company (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 2
 2011. The
Company intends to be a world leader of setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel technologies. The Company is planning
 designing
and executing agreements to build
 operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta
 contingent on funding.


 2014
 the Company filed
with the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company&rsquo;s name from Olivia
Inc. to Bio-En Holdings Corp.


 2014
 Bio-En Corp merged with
and into Bio-En Holdings Corp (formerly Olivia Inc); with Bio-En Corp being the surviving entity of the merger and changing its
name to Bio-En Holdings Corp.



on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;).


US dollars.



of December 31.

NOTE 2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES

The principal accounting policies are set
out below
 these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented
 unless otherwise stated:



been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the
liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at December 31
 2016
 the Company has a working capital deficit
of $464
550
 a net loss of $642
289 and has not earned any revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future
operations through equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and
other cash requirements for the year ending December 31
 2016.


plan is dependent upon
 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and development of its business
plan. In response to these problems
 management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings.


 among others
 raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.



that is subject to rapid change. The Company's operations will be subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential of business failure.



segment information is not presented.



initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that
are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&quot;FDIC&quot;) up to $250
000.

Property
 Plant and Equipment

 plant
and equipment.


    
    




lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible
impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
generally on a straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable.



(&quot;FASB&quot;) Accounting Standards Codification (&quot;ASC&quot;) 310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-lived Assets&rdquo;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying
amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount
of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset.



at amortized cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the end of the financial year
that are unpaid and arise when the Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and
services.



3% of gross revenues or $330
000. Royalties are payable within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. The first minimum
royalty payment of $330
000 (including of VAT) is due 30 days after the first anniversary following the Company receiving initial
project development funding
 client contract or initiation of engineering and shall be due annually thereafter. Royalties are expensed
in the statements of operation in the period that the related revenues are recognized
 in cost of sales.



for all equity&ndash;based payments in accordance with ASC 718 &ldquo;Share-based payments&quot;. Under fair value recognition
provisions
 the Company recognizes equity&ndash;based compensation net of an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizes compensation
cost only for those shares expected to vest over the requisite service period of the award.


 including
grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values.
That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).


payments granted to non&ndash;employees in accordance with ASC 505
 &ldquo;Equity Based Payments to Non&ndash;Employees&rdquo;.
The Company determines the fair value of the stock&ndash;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or
the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments
issued is used
 it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date
at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached
 or (2) the date at which the
counterparty&rsquo;s performance is complete.



accordance with ASC 260
 &quot;Earnings Per Share&quot; ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share
(&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to
common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is
determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise convertible compensation to employees.


 97
500 on
December 31
 2016 were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share on the statement of operations due to the
fact that the Company reported a net loss in 2016 and to do so would be anti-dilutive.



FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&ldquo;ASC 740-10-25&rdquo;). Under ASC 740-10-25
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC
740-10-25
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date.



at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which represents
the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction
between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset
or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value
on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.


inputs to measure fair value:

in active markets for identical instruments;

(including quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments);

(including assumptions in determining the fair value of certain investments).


    
    


NOTE 3 &ndash; PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
NET


assets as of December 31
 2016. Intangible assets include costs of the initial license to use patented technologies in Malta
 related
to the conversion of cellulose materials into energy producing Ethanol.



    

 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
279
916
(53
828
226
088
    

    
279
916
(53
828
226
088
    



 2014
 the Company entered into
an Exclusive License Agreement in Malta for the acquisition of the rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into
energy producing Ethanol. The purchase price includes; a partial initial payment of 10% of the common stock of the Company and
$330
000 (including VAT) payable in cash.


intangible assets was $19
429 during 2016. The estimated future amortization expense of purchased intangible assets as of December
31
 2016
 is as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
19
376

    
19
376

    
19
376

    
19
376

    
19
376

    
129
208

    
226
088






    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
84
153
56
362




 bears 1% interest and has no set
terms of repayment. This loan is repayable on demand.


    
    






    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
279
661
279
661

    
    
    


from GeneSyst International
 Inc a Delaware Corporation and licensor of exclusive rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose
material into energy producing Ethanol. The above loan is unsecured
 bears no interest and is repayable once the Company has raised
$10
000
000.
    
    






 2014 the Company entered into
a Share Exchange / Merger Agreement
 between Bio-En Holdings Corp f/k/a Olivia
 Inc a Delaware corporation
 Serena B. Potash (the
Principal Shareholder) and Bio-En Corp
 a Delaware corporation. On August 21
 2014 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;) we filed a
certificate of merger in the State of Delaware whereby Bio-En Corp merged with Bio-En Holdings Corp
 with Bio-En Holdings Corp
the surviving entity.


Agreement and our Chief Executive Officer and Director
 Ms. Potash
 the Agreement provided for; the cancellation by Ms. Potash
of 6
024
625 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock representing 84% of the then outstanding common stock (all of which shares
have been cancelled by the Company and are now included in the Company&rsquo;s pool of authorized but unissued shares.).


 all
of the issued and outstanding shares of Bio-En Corp at August 21
 2014 were exchanged for 28
980
000 shares of Bio-En Holdings
Corp common stock.



 2014 to March
31
 2014
 the Company issued 4
409
196 shares of common stock at $0.0001 per share for $441
 for professional services.


 2014 the Company issued 2
548
853
shares of common stock at $0.0001 per share for $255
 as consideration to purchase license rights to develop and use patented intellectual
property as described in note 3.


 2014 and
March 31
 2014 the Company issued 23
041
951 shares of common stock to related parties at $0.0001 per share for $2
304 to related
parties for services.



 2014
 the Company entered into
a Share Exchange and Merger Agreement with Bio-En Holdings Corp
 a Delaware Corporation. Pursuant to the agreement the principal
shareholder of Bio-En Holdings Corp owning an aggregate of 7
894
625 shares of Bio-En Holding Corp common stock
 agreed to cancel
6
024
601 of their shares. All cancelled shares of common stock were returned to the Company&rsquo;s pool of authorized but unissued
shares.


    
    




for the year ended December 31
 2016 differs from the amount which would be expected as a result of applying the statutory tax
rates to the losses before income taxes due primarily to changes in the valuation allowance to fully reserve net deferred tax assets


upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to
be available to reduce taxable income.



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(642
289
(446
665

    
    
    

    
218
378
151
866

    
218
378
151
866

    
(218
378
(151
866

    
    
    



against the full amount of the deferred tax asset due to management&rsquo;s uncertainty about its realization. As of December 31
2016
 the Company had approximately $642
289 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income
and expire by the year 2036.




and related parties are disclosed below:

The following entities have been identified
as related parties:


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
84
153
56
362


 the president and stockholder of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working
capital purposes. These advances bear 1% interest and are due on demand.
    
    

    
    
    

    
187
500
97
500


 2014
 the Company entered into a director service agreement. With Serena B. Potash
 Chairman of the Board/Director
 Geoffrey McLaren
 Director and Joseph Micalle
 Director.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company will pay each Director $30
000 per calendar year
 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors taking quarterly fee in cash
 the Corporation may
 at the election of the Directors
 pay the Directors in shares of the common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion price of each issuance is calculated by the average of the closing prices per share of the Corporations&rsquo; common stock on the five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding end of the calendar quarter discounted by 30%.
    
    

    
    
    


 2016
 no shares were issued and the Company recorded accrued compensation of $90
000 for the month of December for three Directors at $30
000 each.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
90
000
7
500


500 per director.
    
    




    
    







on March 23
 2014 with GeneSyst International Inc
 to provide Technical Support Services in the field of GPV application and related
matters.


work as its independent contractor for a minimum annual retainer fee of $150
000. Consulting services commence upon the successful
raised $10
000
000 and commences construction of a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta.




 Company management reviewed all material
events through the date of this report and determined that there are no additional material subsequent events to report.


    
    


ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE








controls and other procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the
issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the issuer&rsquo;s management
 including the principal executive and principal financial officer
 or persons
performing similar functions
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Any controls and procedures
no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.


 under the
supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of the end of the fiscal
year covered by this Annual Report.


 our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(b) Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This annual report does not include a report
of management's assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting due to a transition period established by rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies.

(c) Change in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our fourth fiscal
quarter
 that could materially affect
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.






    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE





and ages of all of our directors
 executive officers and key employees; and all positions and offices held as of the date of this
Report. The directors will hold such office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor has been
elected and qualified. Executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
President
 Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





business experience during the past five years for our officers
 directors and key employees as of the date of this Report:



Serena B. Potash
 61
 President and Chairman
of the Board of Directors


of the Board of Directors of the Company. She has over 25 years&rsquo; experience as a business consultant. She was cofounder of
JIF
 an investment/development advisory service with links to venture capitalist groups
 investment bankers
 underwriters and other
business service providers. Ms. Potash focuses on existing and new Bio-tech companies
 assisting them with commercialization issues
business and marketing strategies
 company structuring and management staffing.

Ossie Weitzman
 62
 Chief Financial
Officer


based in Israel. He qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 1978 at Stoy Hayward (now BDO) becoming a manager in the corporate finance
and investigations department. In 1983 Mr. Weitzman founded Neville Weitzman &amp; Co a London based firm of Chartered Accountants.
Mr. Weitzman immigrated to Israel in 1991 and from 1992 to 1994 was Investment Manager at Concept Investment Services. Since 1995
Mr. Weitzman has been an independent consultant providing financial
 economic and venture marketing services to technology and
other companies in Israel. Mr. Weitzman holds a B.Soc.Sc in Political Science from the University of Birmingham.

Bruce Minsky
 53
 Corporate Secretary


 Company&rsquo;s Corporate
Secretary
 is a graduate of Boston University (B.A.
 1985)
 Southwestern University School of Law (J.D.
 1988)
 and Boston University
&ndash; Morin Center for Banking Law Studies (LLM in American Banking
 1989). Mr. Minsky is the managing partner of Law Offices
of Bruce W. Minsky
 P.C.
 a private law firm specializing in individual business/in-house legal counseling. Prior to the Law Offices
of Bruce W. Minsky
 P.C.
 Mr. Minsky was Vice-President/House Counsel for Banco Popular North America
 a multi-billion dollar domestic
bank
 from 1991 to 2004
 and a trial/litigation/appellate associate of business matters at Quirk &amp; Bakalor
 P.C. from 1989
to 2001. Mr. Minsky has years of experience in the gamut of legal services ranging from Consumer/Commercial finance products/services
Corporate Governance
 Real Estate
 Business/Portfolio transactions
 as well as acquisitions matters
 to Advertising
 Technology
Marketing
 Labor
 SEC
 Finance and Tax scenarios
 along with an array of Operational
 Compliance and Regulatory oversights. Mr.
Minsky is currently a Trustee of the Village of New Hempstead
 a board member of Kehillat New Hempstead
 and board member of ASHAR.&nbsp;

Peter Hurrell
 67
 Vice President and
Director


of the Board of Directors of the Company. He has profound Civil Engineering and Construction experience devoted to Waste Water
Treatment
 Sewage Sludge Treatment Design and Construction works. Over the last five years
 Mr. Hurrell has been employed by Genesis
International. He has worked in Bahrain
 Dubai
 UK
 Ireland and Malta and is technical Advisor in the Far East on proposals for
treating sludge and municipal wastes for Pacific Rim countries. As the Technical Director Peter brings the skills and experience
from working in a similar process facility for Sludge Treatment in Apeldoorn in the Netherlands. He has developed major interests
in Non-Adversarial Contractual Relationships and Value Management and Engineering and Sustainable Construction.


    
    


Geoffrey Maclaran
 66
 Director


of Directors of the Company. Mr. Maclaran worked as a Senior Engineer for Monk &amp; Company and a Project Manager for Daniel Pipelines.
He was Project Manager OBG Limited as a Contracts Director and Managing Director for Maclaran Construction and Maclaran Services.
He is Managing Director of ReUse Limited and a Director for Peel Facilities. Peel with ReUse
 offers to share with Developers or
Commercial Businesses
 from onsite effluent treatment for the reuse of grey water to sourcing alternative &ldquo;environmentally
friendly&rdquo; energy from waste to power or BioEthanol to maximize on site services assets that are non-carbon emitting. Mr.
McLaren has helped the company redefine its approach to the European Union and its Programs and Procedures for development in Converting
Biomass derived from Wastes and Non-Food sources to Ethanol. Mr. McLaren has been employed by Genesis UK for the past five years.

Joseph Micallef
 61
 Director


 a member of the Board of Directors
of the Company
 is based in Malta and has over 25 years of Senior Projects Management experience including Chairman of Research
&amp; Business with a major construction company. He has also served a term as President of the Federation of Building Contractors.
Apart from local contracts
 Mr. Micallef has worked overseas on major projects from Libya to Saudi Arabia and Iraq. For the past
five years
 he has been the general manager of ATTRD Construction Company.








any director
 executive officer of the Company
 and any person contemplated to become such.




any member who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. We believe that the cost related to retaining such a financial
expert at this time is prohibitive. Further
 because we are in the start-up stage of our business operations
 we believe the services
of an audit committee financial expert are not warranted at this time.


    
    






 during the
past ten years
 none of the following occurred with respect to our present or former director
 executive officer
 or employee:
(1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either
at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject
to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order
 judgment
or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily
enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities;
and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission
to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended or vacated.





executive officer and Board chairman positions. The Company believes that this Board leadership structure is the most appropriate
for the Company for the following reasons. First
 the Company is a development stage company and at this early stage it is more
efficient to have the leadership of the Board in the same hands as the principal executive officer of the Company. The challenges
faced by the Company at this stage &ndash; obtaining financing and performing research and development activities &ndash; are most
efficiently dealt with by having one person intimately familiar with both the operational aspects as well as the strategic aspects
of the Company&rsquo;s business.




committee comprised of independent Directors
 the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by
our Board of Directors. Thus
 there is a potential conflict of interest in that our Directors have the authority to determine issues
concerning management compensation
 in essence their own
 and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware
of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executives or Directors.




risks faced by the Company. These risks include financial
 technological
 competitive
 and operational risks. The Board dedicates
time at each of its meetings to review and consider the relevant risks faced by the Company at that time. In addition
 since the
Company does not have an Audit Committee
 the Board is also responsible for the assessment and oversight of the Company&rsquo;s
financial risk exposures.





of ethics and business of conduct policy.







table shows for the period ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the compensation awarded (earned) or paid by the Company to its named
executive officers or acting in a similar capacity as that term is defined in Item 402(a)(2) of Regulation S-K. There are no understandings
or agreements regarding compensation that our management will receive after a business combination that is required to be included
in this table
 or otherwise.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 President
    
30
000
    
    
    
30
000

    
    
30
000
    
    
    
30
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Chief Financial Officer
    
16
000
    
    
    
16
000

    
    
24
000
    
    
    
24
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Secretary
    
    
    
    
11
045
11
045

    
    
    
    
    
5
520
5
520

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Vice President
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    









    
    



 2016
 the Company recorded accrued compensation
of $50
909 for the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary.






 2014
 the Company entered
into a director service agreement with Serena B. Potash
 Geoffrey Maclaran and Joseph Micallef. The Company will pay each director
$30
000 per calendar year
 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors receiving
quarterly fees in cash
 the Company may
 at the election of the Directors
 pay the Directors in shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock. The conversion price of each issuance is calculated by the average of the closing price per share of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock on the five consecutive days trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding end of the quarter discounted
by 30%.


 2016
 no shares were issued
and the Company recorded accrued compensation of $187
500 for the three Directors (Serena B. Potash
 Geoffrey Maclaran and Joseph
Micallef). .



Employment Contracts
 Termination of
Employment
 Change-in-Control Arrangements


 2015 the Company appointed Ossie
Weitzman as its Chief Financial Officer and entered into an independent contractor agreement which terms called for an annual compensation
of $24
000 per calendar year.


 2016
 other than the
independent contractor agreement with Ossie Weitzman
 its Chief Financial Officer
 there was no employment or other contracts or
arrangements with officers. There are no compensation plans or arrangements
 including payments to be made by us
 with respect
to our officers or consultants that would result from the resignation
 retirement or any other termination of such officers or
consultants from us. There are no arrangements for officers
 employees or consultants that would result from a change-in-control.



    
    


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


as of the date hereof with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares
 the sole outstanding class of our voting
securities
 by (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of the outstanding ordinary shares of the Company
(ii) each executive officer and director
 and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group.&nbsp;Beneficial ownership
is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment
power with respect to securities. ordinary shares subject to options
 warrants or convertible securities exercisable or convertible
within 60 days as of the date hereof are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person or entity holding such
options
 warrants or convertible securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person and
is based on shares issued and outstanding as of March 28
 2017.


addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of the date of our registration
statement
 of which this prospectus is a part
 and by the officers and directors
 individually and as a group. Except as otherwise
indicated
 all shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to
the shares shown.&nbsp;



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
424
118
    

    
3
935
560
    

    
2
548
853
    

    
    
    

    
6
294
118
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
563
740
    

    
3
563
740
    

    
3
563
740
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
Unless otherwise noted
 the address of each beneficial owner is c/o 56 Main Street
 Monsey NY 10952.

    
    
Applicable percentages are based on 32
350
003 shares outstanding as of March 28
 2017
 adjusted as required by rules of the SEC. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options
 warrants and convertible notes currently exercisable or convertible
 or exercisable or convertible within 60 days are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table
 the Company believes that each of the shareholders named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them.

    
    
    

    
    
Genesyst International Inc. has 2
262
657 shares outstanding. Of these
 727
040 are held by Eau-Viron
 Inc.
 474
541 shares are held by James A. Titmas
 149
504 shares are held by Susan Tomchi
 and 106
386 are held by David Shriber.

    
    
Includes: (1) 1
870
000 shares of Common Stock held by Serena B. Potash; and (2) 4
424
118 shares held by Applied Bio-Fuels Limited.



    
    





the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our Company

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.


 since the beginning
of the fiscal year preceding the last fiscal year none of the following persons has had any direct or indirect material interest
in any transaction to which our Company was or is a party
 or in any proposed transaction to which our Company proposes to be a
party:



    
    




    
    




    
any person who beneficially owns
 directly or indirectly
 shares carrying more than 5 percent of the voting rights attached to our common stock; or




    
any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons (including a spouse
 parents
 children
 siblings
 and in-laws).

    
    

    
On September 10
 2014
 Company closed on a merger and share exchange agreement
 dated August 21
 2014
 by and among (i) the Company
 (ii) Bio-En Corp.
 a Delaware corporation
 (&ldquo;BEC&rdquo;) and (iii) Serena B. Potash. Ms. Potash is an officer and director of BEC. Prior to the merger
 Ms. Potash
 a then officer and director
 was the majority shareholder of Company. Prior to the Merger
 Ms. Potash was also an officer
 sole director
 and a shareholder of Company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 BEC merged with and into Company
 with Company to continue as the surviving corporation in the Merger
 and Company succeeding to and assuming all the rights
 assets
 liabilities
 debts
 and obligations of Bio-En. Ms. Potash continues to be an officer
 director
 and shareholder of BEC.

    
    

    
For the year ended December 31
 2016 an officer of the Company paid operating expenses on behalf of the Company totaling $27
791 which was treated as contributed capital



    
    





of any national securities exchange or national securities association and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to have
our board comprised of a majority of &ldquo;independent Directors.&rdquo; We do not believe that either of our directors currently
meets the definition of &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as promulgated by the rules and regulations of NASDAQ.






for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our financial statements and review of financial
statements included in our quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows:




    
December
    31

December
    31
 

    
13
500
19
500

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




For the year ended December
31
 2016
 principal accountants of the Company were Dov Weinstein &amp; Co. (CPA (Isr).



ended December 31
 2016
 there were no fees billed for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Item 9(e)(1) of Schedule
14A
 for professional services rendered by the principal account for tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning
 for products
and services provided by the principal accountant
 other than the services reported in Item 9(e)(1) through 9(d)(3) of Schedule
14A.

Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and
Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors


the limited activities of our Company
 our Board of Directors acts as our Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves all audit and
permissible non-audit services. These services may include audit services
 audit-related services
 tax services
 and other services.
Our Board approves these services on a case-by-case basis.


    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES


Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.







    

    
    

    
    
Merger Agreement
 dated August 21
 2014 by and among Bio-En Holdings Corp
 Bio-En Corp.
 and Serena B. Potash
 (1)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Incorporation of Bio-En Holdings Corp. (f/k/a Olivia
 Inc.) (2)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation

 filed April 1
 2014. (1).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment
    of the Certificate of Incorporation of Bio-En Holdings Corp.
 filed August 5
 2014. (1)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated
    Bylaws of Bio-En Holdings Corp (1)

    
    
    

    
    
Cancellation Agreement
    dated August 20
 2014 by and between Bio-En Holdings Corp and Serena B. Potash (1)

    
    
    

    
    
License Agreement
    and independent contractor agreement
 dated March 23
 2014
 by and between Bio-En Corp and GeneSyst International
 Inc. (1)

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of
    Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of
    Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.

    
    
    

    

    
Certification of
    Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    

    

    
Certification of
    Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Schema Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Label Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
    





Incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to our Form 8-k filed with the SEC on September 11
 2014.



Incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form s-1 filed with the SEC on February 13
 2013.





 Exhibit 32.1
and 32.2 is being furnished and not filed.&nbsp;



    
    





or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.




    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Title: President
 (Duly authorized. Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
    Officer)
    

    

Dated: March 29
 2017
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Dated: March 29
 2017
    



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Title: President
 (Duly authorized. Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
    Officer
 Chairman of the Board of Directors)
    

    

Dated: March 29
 2017
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Title: Chief Financial Officer
 (Duly authorized Principal Financial Officer)
    

    
    
    

Dated: March 29
 2017
    




    
/s/ Peter
    Hurrell
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Dated: March 29
 2017
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Dated: March 29
 2017
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Dated: March 29
 2017
    



    














     





CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER






 Serena B. Potash
 certify that:



    
    

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    

    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;

    
    

    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    

    
&nbsp;Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    

    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    

    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    

    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2017


    














     












 Ossie Weitzman
 certify that:



    
    

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    

    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;

    
    

    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    

    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    

    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    

    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    

    
    

 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting.&nbsp;




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2017


    














     












Holdings Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 Serena B. Potash
 President of the Company
 certifies
 pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
The Annual Report
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    

    
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2017


    














     












Holdings Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 Ossie Weitzman
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
The Annual Report
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    

    
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2017


    





















      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      





      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      



    


    




        


        




    


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 2
 2011. The Company intends to be a world leader of setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel technologies. The Company is planning
 designing and executing agreements to build
 operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta

 2014
 the Company filed with the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company&amp;#8217;s name from Olivia

 2014
 Bio-En Corp merged with


 these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented

 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at December 31
 2016
 the Company has a working capital deficit of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;464
550&lt;/font&gt;
 a net loss of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;642
289&lt;/font&gt; and has not earned any revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31

 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and development of its business plan. In response to these problems

 among others

 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks


 Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt align=justify&gt;The Company does not own any property

 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset

000&lt;/font&gt;. Royalties are payable within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. The first minimum royalty payment of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;330
000&lt;/font&gt; (including of VAT) is due 30 days after the first anniversary following the Company receiving initial project development funding
 client contract or initiation of engineering and shall be due annually thereafter. Royalties are expensed in the statements of operation in the period that the related revenues are recognized

&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;464,550&lt;/font&gt;, a net loss of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3&lt;/font&gt;% of gross revenues or $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
'serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;330,000&lt;/font&gt;. Royalties are payable within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. The first minimum royalty payment of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award

 &amp;#8220;Equity Based Payments to Non&amp;#150;Employees&amp;#8221;. The Company determines the fair value of the stock&amp;#150;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used
 it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached


 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares

 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 97
500&lt;/font&gt; on December 31


 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25


 which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques



 2016. Intangible assets include costs of the initial license to use patented technologies in Malta

&amp;#160;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Gross&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Carrying&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accumulated&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Carrying&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Useful&amp;#160;Life&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;(in&amp;#160;Years)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; TEXT-DECORATION: underline width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Finite lived intangible assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;License rights&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;279
916&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(53
828)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;226
088&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;14.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total identifiable intangible assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;279
916&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(53
828)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;226

 2014


429&lt;/font&gt; during 2016. &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;The estimated future amortization expense of purchased intangible assets as of December 31
 2016
 is as follows:&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-ALIGN:Left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 100%&gt; &lt;table style=MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 80%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Estimated&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;129
208&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;226


 2016. Intangible assets include costs of the initial license to use patented technologies in Malta

&amp;#160;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Gross&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Carrying&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accumulated&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Carrying&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Useful&amp;#160;Life&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;(in&amp;#160;Years)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; TEXT-DECORATION: underline width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Finite lived intangible assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;License rights&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;279
916&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(53
828)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;226
088&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;14.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=51%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total identifiable intangible assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;279
916&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(53
828)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;226


 2016
 is as follows:&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-ALIGN:Left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 100%&gt; &lt;table style=MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 80%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Estimated&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;129
208&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div&gt;226


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Loan from related party&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;84
153&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;56



&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Loan from related party&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;84
153&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;56


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;License rights&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;279
661&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;279


 2014 the Company entered into a Share Exchange / Merger Agreement
 between Bio-En Holdings Corp f/k/a Olivia
 Inc a Delaware corporation
 Serena B. Potash (the Principal Shareholder) and Bio-En Corp
 a Delaware corporation. On August 21
 2014 (the &amp;#8220;Closing Date&amp;#8221;) we filed a certificate of merger in the State of Delaware whereby Bio-En Corp merged with Bio-En Holdings Corp

 Ms. Potash
 the Agreement provided for; the cancellation by Ms. Potash of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 6
024

 all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bio-En Corp at August 21
 2014 were exchanged for &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 28
980

 2014 to March 31
 2014
 the Company issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4
409


 2014 the Company issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
548


 2014 and March 31
 2014 the Company issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 23
041


 2014
 the Company entered into a Share Exchange and Merger Agreement with Bio-En Holdings Corp
 a Delaware Corporation. Pursuant to the agreement the principal shareholder of Bio-En Holdings Corp owning an aggregate of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 7
894
625&lt;/font&gt; shares of Bio-En Holding Corp common stock
 agreed to cancel &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 6
024



&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 13px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Pre-tax loss as reported&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(642
289)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(446
665)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;U.S. statutory tax rate&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Expected tax expense (benefit)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;218
378&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;151
866&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;218
378&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;151
866&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(218
378)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(151

 2016
 the Company had approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;642
289&lt;/font&gt; in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 13px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Pre-tax loss as reported&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(642
289)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(446
665)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;U.S. statutory tax rate&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Expected tax expense (benefit)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;218
378&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;151
866&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;218
378&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;151
866&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(218
378)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(151

  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;The following transactions were carried out with related parties:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Balance sheets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Loan from related party - director&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;84
153&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;56
362&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;From time to time
 the president and stockholder of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These advances bear 1% interest and are due on demand.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accounts payable - Directors&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;187
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;97
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;On December 1
 2014
 the Company entered into a director service agreement. With Serena B. Potash
 Chairman of the Board/Director
 Geoffrey McLaren
 Director and Joseph Micalle
 Director.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company will pay each Director $30
000 per calendar year
 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors taking quarterly fee in cash
 the Corporation may
 at the election of the Directors
 pay the Directors in shares of the common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion price of each issuance is calculated by the average of the closing prices per share of the Corporations&amp;#8217; common stock on the five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding end of the calendar quarter discounted by 30%.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2016
 no shares were issued and the Company recorded accrued compensation of $90
000 for the month of December for three Directors at $30
000 each.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Income Statement:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Compensation expense - Directors&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;90
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Directors' compensation expense consists of monthly salary of $2

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;The following transactions were carried out with related parties:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Balance sheets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Loan from related party - director&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;84
153&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;56
362&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;From time to time
 the president and stockholder of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These advances bear 1% interest and are due on demand.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accounts payable - Directors&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;187
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;97
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;On December 1
 2014
 the Company entered into a director service agreement. With Serena B. Potash
 Chairman of the Board/Director
 Geoffrey McLaren
 Director and Joseph Micalle
 Director.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company will pay each Director $30
000 per calendar year
 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors taking quarterly fee in cash
 the Corporation may
 at the election of the Directors
 pay the Directors in shares of the common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion price of each issuance is calculated by the average of the closing prices per share of the Corporations&amp;#8217; common stock on the five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding end of the calendar quarter discounted by 30%.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2016
 no shares were issued and the Company recorded accrued compensation of $90
000 for the month of December for three Directors at $30
000 each.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Income Statement:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Compensation expense - Directors&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;90
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: italic; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Directors' compensation expense consists of monthly salary of $2


 2014 with GeneSyst International Inc

000&lt;/font&gt;. Consulting services commence upon the successful raised $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
000



  
  





 Inc a Delaware Corporation and licensor of exclusive rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into energy producing Ethanol. The above loan is unsecured
 bears no interest and is repayable once the Company has raised $10
000

  
  




















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Related Parties

    
    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    


    
    






    
    











 Plant and Equipment




 Finite-Lived







    
    



 Services



















    


    
    

 an entity has a working capital deficiency



    
    
    




    






    




    
    




    
    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    




    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Related Parties

    
    




    


    
    



 Value


000




 $0.0001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 32
350
003 shares issued and outstanding at September 30


 $0.0001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 32
350
003 shares issued and outstanding at December 31



    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    






    


    


    


    
    


    
    






    


    






    
    


    




    




    




    




    


    


    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    




    




    






    



 Classified

    
    
    
    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    














    



 Discount from Market Price

    




    
    






































    


    
    
    



 Shares

    



 Shares






 Value

    



 Noncash Financial or Equity Instrument Consideration





    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    


    


    



 Current

    


    
    




    


    


    
    


    
    














    
    


    
    



 Net

    


    
    



 Continuing Operations

    



 Period Increase (Decrease)

    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    




    








    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    



 Percentage Bearing Interest

    











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Mar. 28
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016































  2016










































































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



350
003









If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











136


304





136


304



Purchased intangible assets
 net

088


517





224


821












033


797





500


500





153


362





686


659












661


661





347


320










Preferred stock; $0.0001 par value; 50
000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding






Common stock
 $0.0001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 32
350
003 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2015

235


235





931


931





289)


665)





123)


499)





224


821







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of long-term notes classified as other
 payable after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 authorized shares

000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued shares






Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding shares






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 authorized shares

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued shares

350
003


350
003



Common stock
 outstanding shares

350
003


350
003

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


















429


376





000


000





165


819





593


045



















000


000





500


500





000


291





855)


225)












769)


759)





624)


984)



















350
003


350
003






































































































































































































































































































The amount of expense provided in the period for legal costs incurred on or before the balance sheet date pertaining to resolved
 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4
6)




















































































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at Dec. 31
 2014

515)




235


931


681)



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2014





350
003









984)








984)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2015

499)




235


931


665)



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2015





350
003









624)








624)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

123)




235


931


289)



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2016





350
003











The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











624)


984)












429


376












236


444





000


000





959)


164)



















791


970





791


970












304


498





136


304
































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the obligations due for goods and services provided by the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries
 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.




















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]




Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
Bio-En Holdings Corp (formerly Olivia Inc) is a Delaware company (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 2
 2011. The Company intends to be a world leader of setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel technologies. The Company is planning
 designing and executing agreements to build
 operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta
Effective August 21
 2014
 the Company filed with the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company&#8217;s name from Olivia
On August 21
 2014
 Bio-En Corp merged with
 and into Bio-En Holdings Corp (formerly Olivia Inc); with Bio-En Corp being the surviving entity of the merger and changing its name to Bio-En Holdings Corp.



































The entire disclosure for the organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure
 and significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. May be provided in more than one note to the financial statements
 as long as users are provided with an understanding of (1) the significant judgments and assumptions made by an enterprise in determining whether it must consolidate a VIE and/or disclose information about its involvement with a VIE
 (2) the nature of restrictions on a consolidated VIE's assets reported by an enterprise in its statement of financial position
 including the carrying amounts of such assets
 (3) the nature of
 and changes in
 the risks associated with an enterprise's involvement with the VIE
 and (4) how an enterprise's involvement with the VIE affects the enterprise's financial position
 financial performance
 and cash flows.  Describes procedure if disclosures are provided in more than one note to the financial statements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The principal accounting policies are set out below
 these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at December 31
 2016




 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31
The ability of the Company to realize its business plan is dependent upon
 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and development of its business plan. In response to these problems
These factors
 among others
The Company intends to operate in an industry that is subject to rapid change. The Company's operations will be subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
250
Property
The Company does not own any property
Identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
Under Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 310
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
330
330

 client contract or initiation of engineering and shall be due annually thereafter. Royalties are expensed in the statements of operation in the period that the related revenues are recognized

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 23, 2014, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement in Malta for the acquisition of the rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into energy producing Ethanol. The purchase price includes; a partial initial payment of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of the common stock of the Company and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Amortization expense related to the purchased intangible assets was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 during 2016. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_LoanFromRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_LoanFromRelatedPartyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_OtherPayableRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_OtherPayableRelatedPartyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
In connection with the Share Exchange / Merger Agreement and our Chief Executive Officer and Director, Ms. Potash, the Agreement provided for; the cancellation by Ms. Potash of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock representing <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
In conjunction with the Merger Agreement, all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bio-En Corp at August 21, 2014 were exchanged for <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
For the period from January 6, 2014 to March 31, 2014, the Company issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 23, 2014 the Company issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
For the period between January 6, 2014 and March 31, 2014 the Company issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock to related parties at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 21, 2014, the Company entered into a Share Exchange and Merger Agreement with Bio-En Holdings Corp, a Delaware Corporation. Pursuant to the agreement the principal shareholder of Bio-En Holdings Corp owning an aggregate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Bio-En Holding Corp common stock, agreed to cancel <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The Company has provided a valuation allowance against the full amount of the deferred tax asset due to management&#8217;s uncertainty about its realization. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income, and expire by the year <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
The Company agreed to retain the GeneSyst to work as its independent contractor for a minimum annual retainer fee of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. Consulting services commence upon the successful raised $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_LiquidityPolicyTextBlockTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at December 31, 2016, the Company has a working capital deficit of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, a net loss of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_RisksAndUncertaintiesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
Cash and equivalents include investments with initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_benh_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionServicesRoyaltyFees'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
Royalties are calculated as the greater of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of gross revenues or $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. Royalties are payable within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. The first minimum royalty payment of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
The Company accounts for share&#150;based payments granted to non&#150;employees in accordance with ASC 505
 &#8220;Equity Based Payments to Non&#150;Employees&#8221;. The Company determines the fair value of the stock&#150;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used
 it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached
 or (2) the date at which the counterparty&#8217;s performance is complete.



Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260
 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares
Common stock equivalents totaling


 2016 were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share on the statement of operations due to the fact that the Company reported a net loss in 2016 and to do so would be anti-dilutive.



Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&#8220;ASC 740-10-25&#8221;). Under ASC 740-10-25
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.



Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company measures assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.


























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition for royalty fees
 which is consideration or a share of the proceeds paid by another party to the owner of a right (that is
 the entity) for its use.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2016

PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET [Abstract]





The following table summarizes purchased intangible assets as of December 31
 2016. Intangible assets include costs of the initial license to use patented technologies in Malta
December&#160;31
279
(53
226
279
(53
226
088



Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]
The estimated future amortization expense of purchased intangible assets as of December 31
 2016
19
19
19
19
19
129
226
088



































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
84
56
362














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
279
279
661













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(642
(446
218
151
218
151
(218
(151
866)



































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
84
56
From time to time
187
97
On December 1
 2014
 the Company entered into a director service agreement. With Serena B. Potash
 Chairman of the Board/Director
 Geoffrey McLaren
 Director and Joseph Micalle
 Director.&#160;&#160;The Company will pay each Director $30
000 per calendar year
 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors taking quarterly fee in cash
 the Corporation may
 at the election of the Directors
For the year ended December 31
 2016
 no shares were issued and the Company recorded accrued compensation of $90
000 for the month of December for three Directors at $30
90
7
Directors' compensation expense consists of monthly salary of $2
500 per director.



































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




550







289


665





000





Royalty payment
 percentage of gross annual revenue








000







000







500
































































































Difference between current assets and current liabilities. If current assets are less than current liabilities
 an entity has a working capital deficiency
 also called a working capital deficit.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Details)















916





828)





088















916





828)





088












Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Details 1)









376





376





376





376





376





208





088







Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Details Textual) - USD ($)





Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Mar. 23
 2014


Purchased intangible assets
 percent of common stock issued










661


661


000





429








































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount payable to related parties classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




153


362






The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016


Unsecured Debt
 Percentage Bearing Interest
 Percentage Rate
















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Mar. 23
 2014




661


661


000






Amount payable to related parties classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















000
000















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Aug. 21
 2014
Mar. 23
 2014
Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015

















980
000











Stock issued as consideration for license rights
 shares



548
853






















Common stock
 par value














894
625













024
601
























Stock issued for professional services
 shares





409
196




















Common stock
 par value



























024
625
























Stock issued for professional services
 shares





041
951













304







Common stock
 par value






























































































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











289)


665)












378


866





378


866





378)


866)








































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















289









































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











153


362





500


500












000


500




























































































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Expenditures for salaries of officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation
 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















000



Unsecured Debt
 Percentage Bearing Interest
 Percentage Rate




Serena B. Potash
 Chairman of the Board/Director [Member]




Director service agreement
 annual payment amount

000










500





000



Geoffrey McLaren
 Director [Member]




Director service agreement
 annual payment amount

000










500





000



Joseph Micalle
 Director [Member]




Director service agreement
 annual payment amount

000










500





000






























































































Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















000



Consulting services
 commencement earnings threshold

000
000









































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( &=Q?4H?(\\#P    !




P$


MA^@'\#%W__SN=W-B=*$A\I1$SD
-\
ONVR-''%#D11 F1S0*]S.2:ZL;D+
MR6L:GVD/49NCWB-4G-^!1])6DX8)6



!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M

C_9+2CL:3* =@?8$FG]*2#ITA-(^BDA
M[0BI1T!M*FYO=DRSU4**1R3;XVV8K2(R3\WN'^VDVVSWS6R/
K/W%5Z@NPW3



170XVM@P@T^!L!,
51F ;DR2




MMM?$7MLHP%)8V^G;=SG$A9TAN3'L^I^9;Q;X6597W3RW)Z6
]U(65;OV3\;4
 @A_,X- <P) :ROM6/F<DVJT9?O6:X6G76W13D@=G%W'63_=KU_]EN
M6SM[V3RBY=GE&R'21T(J%S10H5[+\DL/5O$!2%H'T\F\8S/)ZA\:R/Y]-X
M[C0Q2&0OJ7H)(4PZ?2 B%G*<A*,D')((AV20B+=)$-$BB4!)!1QBFP%*$*I


MZ7NJ.0WN?02:'W?-CRV1L/$W5FD[^OF1+C_$6B PC5  JWM3G)JGUX71%R



[RW#9[LM\AM4*B#Z4XC




V!G(RII



)1ZA!$#3?8 :4Z
MDN+XW05U^YS:.)R_1_]DBE?%'(B ':._BI/

MZ R!94 MF2GU(Y$D2SEK'-[^6S71A\);!^IC'O6F^7;FG:I6J-U;%@4INNDX

M


M*%LJ-+A=4_[1OBEJ(1S8%+=QN;./#,F047%Q4O5VVT7U X2SU-U)RWO:1=



!#&OPKB?8MM
'^J)%*3:=JD3:HZ


M3G=!T&Z/HLK;6WD2M7ZSETV5*_W8'(+VU(A\9X.J




IZ%VH%W-K!NW:


MX/9!P+Y/9MR!SA@0A;4PUX$H &4


\P!$97+B00QY$EO%9







P&2:))!UP8Q(76CZ[]N8/;28B5-%9R!U*(



M9M/M-_.108$)=-MO-KD1DXHG/Y?;?M/5C*CS('7N4SLG^2KWSQD


MP^E_\


-

MU




4):5BK_VSJ
WS
L2_TG &0AD)$#Z+B$:-$;(3;F


/YIZ2'%^C/)CPX\G_RW]J'

E#BTM
MU


J2@
M1;;H#8:*YZH6X&4/
D2.780'T/2V ' *%X::BN[E!)



_15!


B4[3
M(HNQDRTR





M$FH?S'NT[;1FD^--/[\@MCSCXB]02P
$%     @ 9W%]2C3!RK6V 0  T@





]UY3


MS*T9B9UZW_/PQ






  !@

_2N('U NN;0]G9)(
MO4[3)FW2J=.VSUSB)*B 

- 5]
M2(ZG+




._/
M9AJSR7#8SS^(+=^X_ =02P,$%     @ 9W%]2O@0[RRU 0  T@,  !D   !X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

MM4F;=.JT]C.7. DJQ!F02_?O!R1-LRY? !N_YV=CLA'-BVT!''G5JK
Y;9WK


G[/G'1)&8#K
F;Q4K1XG7;9Q7V<;G8W,VP;P&< 7PW
0^;$D7E7X03169P)&;J

LR\I^%:*(_\/

O);GR(]3Z#[88FH7CC?^;*8Q
MFPR'_?R#V/*-B[]02P,$%     @ 9W%]2J?/9&2U 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W




G'1)&8#K\SO[
MMUB[K^4L+-RC^B
KU^;TEI(*:C$H]X3C=YCKN:9D+OX'7$#Y\*#$YRA1V;B2


MQ
V 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K




/2=BBIQI
':?)D@+[-D[RPCL/[ ./
M;_(O?)SV[\+4LK7DC




7J=_7\.ZZ3NS##G#-GAJ&8T#S9'L19R6U+6GOW'!DS-8]*&YO


1 6]+[Y'C*0WP


8S8;#H?E!['U

_15!'U#%3M(&@6V@:5%LP 8$';8]*S9M

M.4WHF^-9-*T/#E9D'6_@!_B?W=FBQ6:62BC03AA-+-0YO4^.IUV(CP&_! QN

M%
5?QUWHN _CS3Z98.N = *D
^ 0\[ Q453^R#TO

L3=E

96Q#L4[]![+9+M/F/70#3%G
:8=!DS1S!DGU.D:RE.Z7_P=!V^756XC?#M
M!X6WZP2[58)=)-A](+C[5.):S.%3$K;HJ0+;Q&ERI#2]CI.\\





M*N 

)

M5L0[+]YZ[[5*#Q\*=@U$2\QICLFV


M

M9.V[@MY34D
N;6#S#-QU;QJX #=:UK)O_L@8O[-J3A


M3
&+X+^JDRZWX3H


ML3J=(5BB!$M'L/POQ+47(H;9X(K5&0U)5A%G@B&F=G)!!5)$(+8$\$PUPD
M1452A&#IB68%2ZR1D76$'BB68%!?9H(;A

MH)FSIS.52A$*__11T

+/ 10TDP04+W^*

#_ Q0I\G22!QC(
MSP
R:D8UR(MKPRHHQ+5Q=X#1ZM#J=[%K9O_@W3WA.Y.7JE'!46C3$EWC.@NA


ER \K]02P
$%     @ 9W%]


M;IPP$'P5RP\0 _?9$R#E$D6MU$BG5$U^^V !*S:FMCF2MZ]M.$*O_G/V+K
S


M139!D4V X-N-2 SCVY$R.+B!*C:/UF-MFW?EP6V7DJ[A-_\5_P
MJ]%9&OM\_574AJP5J([ZZ6Q4SP''KCMCN[5^-;'@
CNVE
R?Q?D?\%4$L#
M!!0    ( &=Q?4JG5


VN.+PL4!O$[_

MXZG*:1(2 @FE#PHMRL\@)1!--XG37I$C(0U^=W]2^Q=JSE(AP\&/FKJWR;
MTP



M



MV5]IZP0^$?A
N-O%6L9 
?
OPHD\-3@0

$9VQ%O//)6^^]


C$N


MVO(:?H'[W9Z


BYX
M;6QM4V%OW ,_2N('U2W+6[G9)(O5;3)FW2J=.VSUSB)*B 



MM@'9#

MK\3T38E;
6]5LE5/%9@V3I
E%0XZ3O+*NPSL?1;?Y%_X-.W?N&F%MN2SK]L
M['^#Z,!+26[\'7^@RV&A
:%XP=_-M.838;#?OY!;/G&Y5]02P
$%     @

(0*D3:JJE5HIVJKMM4

M')O.C
-X)0FF






$%     @ 9W%]2O%AT4TL @  T 8




AR



1@



O



#YD











3._
\95=)V@[.W!%7




M(LS3*:Y,CJI*L4OX[OMC/O83Q)_(EF)P03(9@)?O(A(9P(X3LA^I 0381H


:CONH 0  DP,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

M;MLP#'P500]0Q7:2!H%M8
TP=

'NN

6'6$:
C9K/
M5L65DX^HU;I87YMA%^T)X_J3VZ/0CAR







MO:;+[*S$)4Q^5D2L/


(N0$  !$$   9

!#]*\@_H 9#TRXI#;1
MM$F;%'5:^]F!(Z#:F-E.:/_]SL9%*8VJ\@'[SN\]OSML\E'I9],V.A%BMX4
MI+5V6%-JJA8D-U=J@!Y7&J4EMQCJ S6#!EY[DA24Q?&*2M[UI
Q];J?+7!VM



M&FS[$9:F

M@W





= 4



96Q#




2YX;6R-5FUOFS 0_BN('U PV+Q$2:0F;;1)FU1U






4R4@$0)0$0L



B


_8FUY\/:S]4 


QS!V Q@ T!43X;D \







@;GED_ N2=R


JQ3/$D?YK+M CH7T*6 QEZB4'#^
MD5E6YEI-2





; JF%^:V1Y\.4?4$L#!!0    (
M &=Q?4J%$6XW&0(  

T+GAM
M;'U4VXZ;



6V7&ZA.6NPXZSUN_ZP.ZV\BW,2J
MF94.FMZ9.^56J.BMC-*T0#=--&!V%A--,.&(0(I]+!&Y2NRB17IT7V_1
21


MJ4/




M^]J&95

R;
MDY ETV8KSX&J);C,RIY0,,P#DI65'Z:N+.]3!-QT;RH8\]=2E+)O_L@(MF

MLHO2HNR\F%!*]MH^B\H]F_9-3#HSW(!V!K0WH&TN+9&+_!/3+$VD:#S9%K]F
MML=D34UM

-Y[HI1[.B=.0TI
M[F&QCAS#N;_Q$@'

M



 H:Z3#!M4LP\0Y[
M3.[5.]YD@JN7(-*\:W
'FMIG7

B:XCLD4(:.@L3[C
3FYFIWW X:;M<F+5L!X=VHT7=#45!
M/YFE?P%02P,$%     @ 9W%]2F1LUS?# 0    0  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T


/]J^A=E?+

&]$Z=1*6['U6CL4K,
M+,Z*8&]Q[&48I[BSW\UIVPET3J!+ HVU1*'@_ NSK,RUFI.9S\P?\7I@;JS

M@2#[SV-ZY3%B;@-&1H_[Q'W;.MFF3K:A0Z]TLL\Z2?RNE



=FS(NK!KF]T:61U_^!5!+ P04     !G

M9X
D9




M
U#-=E-

MW9=Y+W$YS1F6IP
;@Z';+QI^%P

;!.





M/)HO4-/Y][#;.6=)0?HTG54^$^L4?H6-;:5FE.(_[D:37]K9FA#^A!Y@OUZ2

99VVL;MQ5IO&X_



[T -Q@]E

M
$KN0:6LQT']F_
H 6*M_P84;\!YJ+Z 



 %

0V8%



L4(0.(W W@=
MQ)QH-3*D1%8/4%EK+%MD!Q=%L


A-^X3#TIOJ1%
ZG2]&:C7&VN=2LG

(UC/P-)JJ=3Y?Y+[EGX
$&82J!A?AJ-ED%;

X.#2129(
4X+
M$26 A0X;B
94657S$GNC7?I


TA15#MFL
M
^&E%9@$@<T#H@(H%  6L+;AB(^2[+)W&? F3
M+/T$@F'EDAK3G?G(2S8T!;U99&DQ!Z]7'BJ U0:^OT?[!&L%7$$!P2SNRR@H


,BM7TC5PF5CX,_-QLT
MI1Y<<#)X1KEH?P_E08
BTP[$9DY*Y
*M(/A()IO25F!NB1&V)%U-9U38:&I


M[X4E[5+=3KG]I;!
8 ;@$71%!3K)W149\
I9\9?2R0[PUXS/


MYR&E9L^ @T6$]0OPFKQ

M\=Q&V@M[$V'*)6+QB!P?K
RG*_
IUY^B53''H@
IV2
%Q#=!P

M#^3A FSXS@5L(=2$OZ/$09E:L;SQL0KP!3M)


=R5/

2H. N@\((=$L$*WR

FC)YQ

/[D; Y4@?_1A\P:'$E/H]
M









M159/\RD:/[RBB

8ZD
'? =O??V
MP8
92?+G_I=:VJ6BQ2-[E#S3Q)BC&EQ
TA7PS?N][DZON]/?-PQ(WHI^6AZT
H?RENE=F*FUE0DJ^F_+\@?-6L]T8
M<5!,VUZGH?FD&J\B5&A#@#9GS]QB32'SQ)<N$7PELSRVEX1'&J0?X;7*%1#%
ME$N3CC95*T#T=G X0TP]I[&R6XM#US&;A*X9'S3%FB!KI5_(XZIKG4!
E



(Z89<H;*R_VU23Q*EN6Q7P@-(:?@$&%,C8
M&L:!KJE-J0ZJ#)$#V0XKKQ_BM#ECC#(]W.N/305=@+*A1H;\#@NXI34.$ @
M3T?*2BSP@
.%.D0LYRITB4FB2;-E[:L'S#)CRJ99I%'.CH:AK5Z94JLJ2_
ME'WJBHOV1CL6 /J]HZ\O?Z1.? -J]/JW-U;:EK%P;OO#_#G0^OGH_+G?M?Z




M 0J73).



MJ#X[Z; ;4-)B(8NP;TR%X+C
U6P3H:W25Z]EUJ8RW&IQ-Z =&0Y[XTT2[8&K


/*II
4+BEH@ $

M$C4RI=0_](X.I4M3:1$[3RL'

HCW&VL4E?0[GE[W2.O
M=W3 5(_SWE[/=2:;ONQ[^WN'WB&88/5E?W^_#I@6NSILB*


%'Y9RF]Z%53*

MER)3B

E+ZA:KLP&*I)BMI[RME3*


6LJU_O=7:<=M1IA36X'5^/!*?7C/W_D&I50#4 F

MJ74O^2

M=S4[06F5/)(-;/BOI[P!FZKVWFIGU$IU8?/6O:SYK)7 D;VD0XIJ[PL$U*M4


\C253[&5^JP

M*KE(UU'@478(*$1_Q#/(P0*GWXHR+2E
L4.43P+I8CFM;

2R+5EHL2*561B









A[K=

M




M]9+\;VLA;[TMC7X8ED7I7[^G3;-Z6[-ZP[U\[;WK7T^(WZTU_LGR1T\5!
HN
MZJ_?R:85__]+*[[#6NN;W^TN_6_ 9IMK #;7 %2O 6C]:P2Z%A'=LX'*5EY8




!7
*M'?VQ**!$0





MQ5.9B@NL11P!?PJG#TT&W&60W4@@._2V@[2FOVS]Q%0U'[[M3\6;A(!. ]B!

VV.74O2&:



$%     @



MX?SZ$#]S@7.
/


M*K*-Y@L\);C&%%E+E8


MMZT9C7^W3IPIZ@G?.[8JQOV$E=L^T;1DO!P8_EIP6C(PNF
1GJH$HJ^FCX

MXLM7?R[9'2J'@I]0H[VG3D#DXA1$+O^RR* _T'=NC;T[8T31NJ5


W]DANF)_N]%1XMQUZK





.*J]2?:(
EUX#;@]R2+ HKXA%+!#28

.%3
M
J&SF2SU#6M5IPN9?308?8#1M\O(!1%T2IE \1C%


M./@RB:

LG <!D27DP1!/&?'.8+ /+

MS4@B[LV([D 9W;&+%XL)3332/='%

M2I$@WZD9*!XD#
^R



M?1

2K8L%!BS9V)DL&6)0-C]DU


F
M2Q


!#LIT$=CR[(U\U:/K%V_VRH+Q[;Q
)V^TIF7QFKK!ADYAS9;Y;=_*EM<&;X48O_8+^DTMG_[.^/1R.
MN7UK\Z_:-N%&Q=^Q-P.XG@0PX




M+;EYFS^X_@CDWA'UUR-?QNS0AN'RZ5?7S&
M



JFRI%L3$:#1FF6D-6$8VAS);/)$
MA5I58?X&V]33Q-E;:4S%;1IV+K)?R4=[A.FCJINCB^U]5=Q0C)XWL0L/HY-
]<N?BZIB8;2KV8T)Z.8ZPK:@?H(N<LW*(UX+Z2G6!W9.?5/!P&S+C





O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &=Q?4K%[?V7[P   L




M   ( &=Q?4H!Z:^G)P
  /T
   8                =(+  !X;]W;W)K




M A0#%     @ 9W%]2I;SI74J P  9@P  !@              ( !GA$  'AL






  !D




M4$L! A0#%     @ 9W%]2NA C.6V 0  T@
  !D              ( !A28







M9W%]2MN^DB2U 0  T@



MT@




MNTR

M965T

  !D










M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &=Q?4HWFH[[J $  )


M2HTQX+R* 0  %P

O



M   ( &=Q?4IHF F\L@$  )@#   9                3!)  !X;]W;W)K




2YX;6Q0






end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001144204-17-017226-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( &=Q?4HX ;;AE(  (B8!0 1    8F5N:TR
#$V
3(S
2YX


K#($W
%=^Q/







3W\'
M?L#'J\G'V8O1G_X\_C)E?&X_


?%LL_0G_P#BUKE
J_UE1
MGQ5(T1O
]K@WKZ+ON4F?M_CS42;)9 
R3Y^=4_#CX706YK]4:ITOSE./UR




?.'4'5ENY-H4SXRP8ITT#*G.2/

HUM4:;^9Z68)^T6
MHPSHMOIAI;@%RA0;

.^!SH-QO?9?/B!W[@R&C@U_BM8+%V],Z[2&9X\(6#1?
M\(,)@+P,+6YP3R%S) PGPZT_#I K3QZ;1Y9?CJ;.





P0P-8O)GX#MTJN K][X


8O'/JNB-N/_Y&+9^1@&'O



M%8LSP9XZ]X;A39%Y_M[0?#VX-X['9KR (3YHG)LK4WG^UM&HEFHQSEX!@NT



(5P\]4:!35%S



+F.V6)-T





MQS:P O-/;]N#?*
:Z&3^B6][6&Q&]9PLV(Q7








8;+DSWP,-LGZ*3 7I!5FBE]3H,_?G3/$9FX%R7$;(<S
MP)CM^=8U[RUE;6Y/+FH'GV]+U3^J7\O5BV6P'



I[


7J-8
M-]!C

M5IP#S92;TL!/\[KZI*4%Q=M2T?S3YGP%7'.TSX(R;LGPG'E@25\-GF1\RXO?





MG/Z?@K.R&
X% $X/X9GVY%S]

F.D6B$M$F&P8
MS%65:&.)C6FR'LJ








*!I[J(]:IV[
GE#$@EE1




%+.=*V


MO!H*


M[VA\-_ID1E2
?W3''W$:_L65O+&9]B)&.!MG7SK63WYOYO=DH:1S7@1CAE
^W72O;KZ0

M/H5SQ@-C
JH

!5/;










F






IM 'D(;]9I;



H)^&(#PS=

ZP-F[P-WR81$2? N:[^503


MIIQ;21+_4.K1S@2B58K$I/X;LSQ*6048Q_0/\!;
_D+Y^Z\(!R O2X*_#:


1N-F#TR 

9N.EP6
MV^(+ZO)(R 4#@TGKM@6 J73J
VD8!5T.
[*C=Y-
K!98R/RPJ!!;P$QR?T8V
M5 $NXP!'9?#%=\=T1#T8Y.2DU(A;XY(DA\E7#XZ(.A+$K

:WK5%PC



M)H8W.\

MA;P70LRCFW/)-H&U.S9_.8*ISI'1N55R2X%\MZ4+4LSGL)]\$6T7).C5'ORF
M$U2&I&YQLDM)3IF5I.\IY:
MNQQX]%C#I+#]:*M81;0E703VT...Q-?-AV
M.&S




R5MZ7( L$=E60QY@ZQ1+I4;=2U9R.&$8A +E-ZCW\J3YLT

M@PBY6W@^*
D3_#J.V!K&
I-D/ ?@)!W[1A!D9?FHZ]@$H1(ICNW;^WARX]@%



I9\;^)@^#H98


ZIHP4



M(;$Q\J/


7?Y-

S94&TF41=5E$719Q





MK@0O;9D;

M?(V@(Z7AQ&P'YL!UV80^^K)CP?(\\#5P+BET@0M0LTXI@FHR/$?JO?+0
$







MI:4B=!WL2]5^

MVC&(Z.%%_186M%N0W;'KA)!A[*P@^!'0E77+3F*:@XQI*.P0^TF.1@^)9CX
MQQ!Q(][V-]5L&ONP_;!)*J58J&8;OH;Z];S6ZO[







M28_3Q:FB(3#9UX
_[ECOT\%ML?0G_(-)@5VG5/ZSHCX?$&Y^.KBDAL=-^*)\
M\#E8GXD

T);9WYA6RXR^



)\%?F?H
MZ-.E3;0]EWWD]AJW!7+ZQ77$.NT*
H7C.UZ__4'T'2_B#?/RCN$[7KW6$W/I

M6:JTDPU\=8/G'*.KV5FS\QZAJ]E9L_


C[L1,'@SX'L[M3T-H;&4(4TN#?1[6Z$M1(%S^
MIKI=B-.D=.2S$T-#-V)8TITVK3&8SG?( VZ5^4DK[5!EY!U/G0VL!377NT0
M5%V


M?M





*WPPP0J4?+F
0X6_9'O%-)-Y'^&N:4/



AS3
)M


WR7F07RP*@K2.E'K#.78\
M0FV3]GPC4,$\PA\.YEQ%TVI*
!&+)'


8ID
MQ=B0&7$E':_/W%L59R



FY
X 3X(C($QLS


[+@%\E6$/%F0XX_'&;K.$S=A
M57N.^U'^9E ;=U+)?00X8/PN
@C29U-%X4B]4Q7_6RNJ*
RL
)Q%Z60HN)





V.Y5DLQ(T5;R!9@

MQ-.N.3R2=QDI5(I)LWT:DCBMUMM3C*#XX0^811Y$13;
H4E'2&$%OX^4Q?0I

MG# ;50@GA49S[AD[=GD&:&@4#01875VW8H3(*TBU&
N^$QEK3@9#8^.\_0
M9_+
Y3+/=VT%\2L/SWF_QECY(B)]@W%E WU9E[YLYM*BH2\M%BIBX;F._1C=
M7)S$;RZN;LX[7]NDV_IG^UZN]?AAO8MUI0)V
*D6%

M)X

O@3[/ZJ&$:
N;!SH:0M3W$);K4Y
WNN!O*B#M]3U \?'74
Z]IX=WT+3


M-YWLH+9IV=U?S.:D=KXY:E


MSWQZ?!;1?9


V]Q9LKNL'SXCA#CC

I;?U.-W




POK%V2)?O8RY/!PT%!6-K78)#Y




M5TOO/J^NEMZ


M EVM$K1*T!TTM -(=]#(K/;








:EG+1O/L)SDT-[V*?*WAT
+CWQEW

#;%/RH6?#3_6


MX[H\KMK^8J;Y

;K3P]?SE-F



T.VMV


?7?H:.

M&\!31^1W3%8


M_O$HMJS1IVX
\F=N66@^$4:-_GC


M?B)\




M'9ACP(4G\R7D';XU(H):U)59'C^4D8ED*H

6
MAUV+0]S@./8PN3(^4$B*\^MVZ^X4EJ6?1+@K\;T!?.\DOBE



_H[&=Z-/9@19_*
[_AA2XI=C7QP^4CH\O5-%S6^QIGDWUA/T@@O
MJO1=UF4OWIGE&-\___UO?_\;(;\\
+M_&EHW]RH?MQ6FX[9LVZ?6K4I@;0TP



M5T4K)$=(R7N





$7H#%M-&&;&Z
0MI@YAM:O$W
M;_[=&WUF^A8L[2R@NGBZBTYKRZ= KI^\#EU0O[:NOMR!4=U./7O\&=BSH%





M9*9V19:BC]X;9FO'U6T!M:R$R&5_U?87


ZH
M)1M+BCYCGCY69QW=G*HW?0[1[*S96;-SQG?KG1MNBW;K:X?:I =P)/SA(W(8



M\)$)!0%U&3%]1AR;F QH9NZL

MJ5. CDW(

M+W\SX\)]VSOC4D.WW=%2HJ5D0?\V+239O.AX6X= QR9A53-2*I!RL50M)XJ
M9*$%9N*]@T-H%&M!AJ?3&A8/_F(_([)BO?PM$W)V1&Y=3PJ^@42EFT/[TAD

& 5(0EN+VX3]Y5/Y-J(F\((%
=X%21^3*)A9G?HAM9+41C\J;GN!!:T1Z3$YE2HI
MFKM#QU7-P09T5#4D]\SB\D$T8DQ)<BI:6!$@161?BTX0P&\*Z\K9I)-,.Q
MGY@K<)(AU@V.$.1^#)*E@M$UO!5[

& F!R M
MO(8#WI:_P/
1D*DE YY6I9


;]2O\&YM9V.^=%QYQ$=W#A[YX40?

MFU
%IT\BFITU.VMVSOA^O7/3;=%^'6]W3]@+?M9)+CI\7X?O+QF^+Z^0M)!H


/DROA (2G.K]NMNU-8
0FF;P=S2^&WTR(S#C']WQQY L
MOQS[XO1TN'IO=%GIF^Q3N].U3J_Q5+GW5BKTZ^U&4OWIGE&-\___UO?_\;
M(;^$[Y\[@P'W9.IJRS;/P:@!\)AM<8NN




?&[HSCOB9!#
M


M8UZ-XS_VI1HPX3=5W8







M\RP97GR2C;(D!XC7D5\HZS7D^]GAN*LL@2';027H#;C.JTGA_SRSV\0:



M:9QKM

MXFD6VY#*E$/M4%

M@
$Z

M; IW\%D.?CPQ.GS_RS$.Q4_Q_R44_Q]02P

DWW[]\8</
K'.;43
M^O



BG[CWF/GE+%$?9SK/
KF(

6YK[:W@-X#&0%O+RC!'SQR1BWMT@33E-9)N!73EH
MS-;+X) 2V1B@:V3S]*:O
/99A$BV20S!&?A=!Q_A&(-K9:1
^JJD?U)50V]=



M4D;*/NPT'W/O%MYM@6+9?5K *F]@$D)
MB1B;-R)L=$/K__Y)&]VH

6QV
M/6)DWHJ0Z2OZ)VDPTOYHHZ84B0GR XJUQ77 B(L9@]70-6*$:8MIROX(FYJT














M8S[(0X7#9FHY)

?(U(&#R)GS!=Y<[CRWYU=SPL(987?\@)E;F [41\3UD\_6







*6Y!S[THH?KH3/^U!+ P04     !G


M





5
MYC?-XX7^]X\RIA! *#X
/HP56Q(MKSG*X

M72
^:A


M_PSB!@3Q B8D9D2X-[)FA! #\V %TGTRH73$$4+T5=LR3NFGL'_%R@)14(


:[3

WLS&$'+( :V370*]1V6))



XL1
M
)-9.2E7!1I2H.O)^-$:

9H
[-8^
XDWOQMPL/JA'G2T0E_]43W-
M2(2,6^):\387%;)7Q)LE:(AOK6
+:1:YO$&;IC



LFC83/XT-RRN=%N0U8)T
M$65Z'1YTLR8-YUVU4G4^61;R3IX7Z#41\3+#!PN=W1G6Q);^?EJAZH%?D%




MW\(G1-+




C#:QP


CVV?Z80!N)<$X

_T?@N#@

YE;-
M&L B+? 3'+GSESX%C0F)+.;'7$T2!7UMFMS:PBI




X

M,L8V*&X\=8/(CK2+H6L+6XRS-R73)Y*8E'1UW+IB3DBQ




BZ#U'/#

*HDU)J#U@&[:9E PR;F)/M$#
_


3(IJ_+#DYL;5?]H
BEZ_


Y9;R='_


D@K7]O8W3;_ 4IZM_MO1V


CJ


M6L&8A%LV' [-C?D\ZB9'=8^L[I &$M@*M;.YXN'AD-3:&DT JBT9;-ILR3+8



6?SGX4CZ.]

M[.-^7/H8WQ



MGS)7T0M);4P9Q8&=)I^)V
:4T=&#E1=QC$^9RR!RP58WXY 2#.9TK6;^-.3C



3@U]

MO$A#5S$05;K#9



M-DL



1X5O )
M72#PA)I@3H81VPL6=S 6@15D#E<6?&T=CI=!(Y0F=K99''AH$OUB*?3.%*B

+PM:C4=5=/RG*+ 8)%J&(!<+BN1AD/#;9G)&3F58UX$@#^?$=L 5)L




GT\-I;1<J9W\!JJB07<9L(,.SA\!.5V6+S;4V7&06_%;RM?L(LB[JT:R.
M$]EESWDQ^H^-/)X^P^Y?U& KUC&U.NQ*0P!^%D!.DNU'C9D9X+;T2CP2)*6
MI1:EBC*: RX$X7\]%MA


M
T)Y$#7;YX0A-#G0K.SJ2)DNM[:9%!(D!Z.OON_C-.BG5%8J)HC *JLUFJ


('3I:I/BX[GZ@X%.$/CO+3(OQ(W
=R6





MM3D75H B.^950 (_7^TZL7!$T


R'&4D
3X55D8%+6%U_QJ:



@HE'$I*6_H%3I:KR6
Z@

MPO\
M]M0& .P(#J R;MB,ZB!$=HUO5?1SG289Y

7A

MQH:\TAV1TP/0(:CY;(BT
B1DB14;LJIMA*)N@!/%364CU&W@0I9C4;GXCM62








 S2!


[H_\^G
8YTWK/!:@11 U4-OF:H)LW)[CMWH

M2'V#[I=]^OM/;DH*_?P_4$L#!!0    ( &=Q?4KN&.5[M\  !5V @ 5
M8F5N:TR
#$V
3(S

XDN;WB[C_@*N^F*B.D.NU=[JK

MGU\5\7J38
/)9X\Y7/*M2/+\+99_F\(5'BS\Y_P+[S_(_Z%[ZJ/KX('F+P

'W$#Z(_OO] 9]CO\=_.\_
M[1JFY31%DT



%9CER'F


DYC/)G^LHVCZEV.U:$)R*

5W








M6%
.-QC^Z%\;$E+I^LA;2IQN])*:-2
(?!&C-JL+'FQ)$P+NU3MV-9'OT2
MX&^=D5+'P.7Q#-1BGJZ-B'_V*H181=2_(%(F$&[F=GKLG@K3#$!%+1XG

OH=A#LL@C]%^K-Y\
J\^.N@/1A[*FV6%6E+[@
MF(\.+IIET!BQ1IF&(5X&*M8I_59VURJ


 */=XY\-G061#)

0AB2B*XF2+$0((+(UQJX=56[9.J+33JH

%X]HM^?HJ$
5O!FNWZ ^7Q)

M'KX;@JH;TJ8;V@0N0+;7ZI[-X_#?)_DAP&\Q;KAY-7*;)7$8:]W\D G9CQR6


5F!N!N#A
S]-J;L[\4



MTJ0B 3(GDC]:HGX#U&@8^P =
(;V 'J;X_?!:/&
AHEDFD86;C?]#&JK\(Z
M3 V\XP2G$%$$3Q
0-N(^XU6TS'M W;8@-I
J52BD8K1_G5:%+ L+G!6+7@5




I;?PCI^B5(00A:@A-0BTY )5S%U?OXM#$:T/[C

I':72)NB?%2;WP!J50+OD':;-_U#?(9^;@#VLY
O8(!3<%J*W?\%(-#]Q
MM6HT[ 'J NUC_R-(MG^O(C3( WC(+E




T

)J2

RV'0XF1 PO_$L!

M-G_3M








[-JD&H=4E.G0P%1D354^@!:34]-\ID





=

76$DO6Z![

M/(N?V0ON0=[=(F




M7
F9VD]RU_X




1 7D*2KRR
\


58,
M1&,EZA,2:V],UQ%$SN74/< G\CFH<PJ#*7GU[C6'.E@SX \':%YP9QJ&V_66
MO/AO9^7\3]5)]Y#E/G$+[''IHQK:0)M58<FX2?J<PI7^*=&T%#?=3/7/.&F




M6NS'M!OYV
=E+0TP0.O=9J
!7#4'E_)YV]:ISSAG;W-X4M9$# J0PTV6EZ*T





AXMDJ@$-8A&


ME\M'M+^.]]4;2-$YDNBCS
<24
V JG8[
M81V\6Q 0?W3/[

.HW^CQG_-[OPQ =ZT-$SUX2






6!O
DNCS.BU+5'@
MII$*N\&:9MXQ@4J5-*C$VU5,JPK(E0J'%]L.Z6=5JW-?_'=2EP^NPPV#8_JI
M%7LYSE52TY2Z5)4VA4'X**Z!W 9EZ8V<EC7(2=AEKCN:23L*=<E30?PN!-?
M.9C$%LO;/ 8Y/

\1P-
;#W=[9O4%N-



M 46/-
ZW^+TQ









UJ&


'(5
M!P]Q$I
R2




MOEU7T _\2+

ZX/2:N3PAD!: '#) +Q60
M7



CXUU@3B-/O0:


MYR^2[%M!*]/P/';/SN'H9B[QC82VCXP^(R6^MNBS:@4JS]4S5K''3!?TQ %8





MLU2(3]3(
4:U;?Y_2

[]#04\O-FL[9?B-\$:*I?!

M)?^TY!VD?M3SB\WY6
DU*9(JR:H:($W+[L
%[T$CR&8'-!X^!]BDYIQEZTV6



TDR*^;U9D!O=BB'\5XFVB78:8/

!)G()*Q!
66'/(:FR-#MJ8T!I]J-E\





@%H2$V[Z'MS&M%H E05:'0!JLQE#N
#.8^KP ;D


M5%U\P-V(

N2%C@#K6

M34(6G?+&6M(NTLAJ^


.SDJ#LJ[M




M1'P[/+I

MP
 %#T1;GP$$T%7E$/G:WLH@+]DD^XUTL[$60WS(0)MBNX#AFU7V]#:,8;U
M#_@/C.8?6FA&'_WMO(IZ6BU')2R3:RACV
=\TZN^AK@[]TA1=2/-0+DG7BL





M#2;)7]+L6WH/@R)+843NC?.BZ#5D'$PC8OL%TPD6./F*)4 M0G
HY#[
*XKA


MN-@A:#U##\%5ELL7L;V6#I#2MU4 $-(

M9 'O#I:@G0

4FR-?'T@%72Q
HK?:@]^Q! B#F
R=

MH&W3B3COC^MD/V.8T
GH
)P&R&?:!XCG7]&_T;_0'P]! 4FG_']02P
$%

)N8V(

K&O:=SLNL%<4(]ZT7




(/!=4\3

M)+Z_\





K;4!


AMW-$S0'_4?.HE*
1L&DC
M8*.W)/].??]O0?@4W% 2AP&=7

M@!P:&
DI1R1@%G-H9PDJ4\]3^(;
PDAN#*VU!-0-#/





@WIS(M=/XS3B
I6EO88



R]^



M@C
.$GRDS
:*2XV





YN;
MK;]?:.7^W^MC'Z_F[3B
L\B8TBW \NY.IU BP@8\T1

2-!
MW!@$@2*AI<):+6!H0U[;TH-1R8E?:PA?+!1^GH@:/I$\#(:RT1(:Q?3*/I.K
M(H+*A!;:@TQPI QPF))QRH5A**',/K7\W,IA<DJB:.$%LRRXK9U\6N@/,D/Q
M%I&$4,&W5AV=H?PR^QJQ)B3510XRP'&2K\LP!X6A;*\D3(AOE4F52&7-DQ&G
MTT'AJMOZNJH#&5\85G1I4L94*/P='4_T

D8(I








MB@SA4IX$UDH=U

MMCQU

[&I41MFSE#% 8FNM
2-C*
[CI0H$=,9&MGZA^^+L\O0R8,&+R7#.+#M90@O


$F_B^2E[=N&&NFF4Q=R7U_OIA!6+9$\UI$NN1M-BO?[2;Z61
M\9T!DK0

')+6J-%'G=$P-$YT$2



._TQ2R(3'+0M2'Z:/A)HF
4UAF/K!):
)P\$7#

T))Y 6SRRA



F\S5)_F[4;.\'&*$Y&EJYYFT'Y-&\#$ 2NT V?*67S-H/S
M:=XRL6%T1576:@%#&\S;3$/O0Q^F'I__F7K2X]CR3O EP^6[%@3$2S'TYHT

M:7(?1MZ_N-=8U#HZW2Z2'/3ZFL#'UIIB
SRPPDM
Y9U@OT42G33%?!Z7H0(Q
M&&Z?\*.TB1.2, N56N2G^L)DD)BYC2@ UPAJJ\8%#W V\G:!0F_8+E%4


ML&


N.?9:U?!O!=2=F

3/$
M3N@TC. C]$ 6[/\/YV'*39VJ/!:(!M?Q8H&T=8IKPFQNQO^F96Z_$NCFG-@U

VG]HL[6')$*_29:VV=H3QN
_F-G:


@8XA)6A
974@R-T

MK0?P
X[SBZLCT:HM_BH0A.2Z@8X.;ET@ HUMX(W%W'*5J5B^&8@ 5ZQ'=U]:


Y;-SK$KT#%#YZJ51+
M0K8Y

VV/5;W&YJWRF!
:J $X;TO;J%_/%Y7*J



7
_WEB0F%Y3%6GVV\%*8R&*ML42-#(P.9C2*

M;$S[*LF7JK:I!%)!D:YN\&.8PV4HJ1




MX?'
!POC#W =SZBOU0*&-H3Q*T5N);'+#K*'- N4\0DNPV/WUKP@+PPLB8WI




%P1
M5QN*=[&BH_%F_7S-5^ U1@'1H0@-JI+

M*


7P8P7



YPLOI%_AE%F9Y:86IHC
M@20Q)A]([*U* .T6]W\7'7F#_9W
::E55F$TI]=!89M7TH!*RB26PN?# RQ[

 A2XH^5'NI5'\+IXG#*1!Q)[ )E
M=UZAX 5*3QA10SSIR[#+S862:#D\5;DQ=)L#1F=E^

HY
M=J


B

R

MF1%UHV?=(USFC_I:+6PF]$@=$V#./79U^8U+/3-[QY.E]&AZZ9*1/0Z((*

VPE#+$!Y9Q$ ?QW? L=X_OP368*)&_T!?Q8
M@Q

]OFJM.MKK=/3OAKSE!S?/V1B@. B253-
MJQB(#X.::9N8\2H&*'Q)'EG:7L5 Z#=^,*]B@,M3Y#.E[E4,A-[B!_,J!KB\
M1?6U6L#0ACSI&^+3^)H^TBE\L*\A98.7G=B(+Z\Q
'0AB3HUX)NJW+S*O?K


!C*N?8
@0I^6NBG:5?W76SEV







M(ZN$5CZ4-ARSU_JB,N1X#,E-
*X+3A9*5V^95C%&G#%=9J 4
;RJ^ K\2^
M1N

IXX6O6:J!M1$M
0,[
MQRB\?
*9D 2QHH;6;^K*A#&9?!(XVWHF^+ SC&*@

V]4U'$J:.5#'8[0)Q


C$6$$NZ[85$P5[


O
MH#%[[IQ5YHE'TW'N5VQD2H^B&0E61YWL7=#0]R9+M0HF^;F-IJM]@?BO.4-*

8CSUX?PL:=0(P?FY+EA6F


XWS
M9]=/6;7!W\-P\N3Y:AE$ZL


M            @ $     8F5N:TR,#$V,3(S,2YX;6Q02P$% 



MR
-K'   &
\! !4              ( !*V4  &)E;F@M
C Q-C$R
S%?9&5F
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &=Q?4KN&.5[M\  !5V @ 5              

38Q
C



