

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-15-022448
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150413
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bio-En Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001568139
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				990369116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-186629
		FILM NUMBER:		15766461
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MONSEY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10954
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8453647151
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MONSEY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10954
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Olivia Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130129









     









Washington
 D.C. 20549





ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

December
31
 2014



TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


to ________________





its charter)



    
    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Monsey
 New York
    
    

    
    
    


845)
364-7151

 including
area code)


12(b) of the Act:



    
    
    

Title
    of each class
    
Name
    of each exchange on which
    



12(g) of the Act:

Shares of Common Stock
 $0.0001 par
value


Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
o




not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
&nbsp;No 



(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 



filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
to the best of Registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 



is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


Indicate
&#168;



There
was no active public trading market as of the last business day of the Company&rsquo;s second fiscal quarter
 so there was no aggregate
market value of common stock held by non-affiliates



 2015 there were 32
350
003
shares of common stock issued and outstanding.









    
    






    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    



    
    



CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS


contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements.&rdquo; Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because
they discuss future events or conditions
 forward-looking statements may include words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo;
&ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;might
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo;
&ldquo;forecast
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue&rdquo; negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made
 are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about
the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause
our actual results
 level of activity
 performance or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations or
plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.


Accordingly
 such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements
or that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any
of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Report and include
information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations
 including statements about potential acquisition or
merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements
regarding future acquisitions
 future cash needs
 future operations
 business plans and future financial results
 and any other
statements that are not historical facts.


our intentions
 plans
 expectations
 assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties and other
factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results
expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 the events described
in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described.
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Report.
All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to
us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred
to in this Report.


 we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events
 a change
in events
 conditions
 circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements
 or otherwise.





 the terms
&quot;we
&quot; &quot;us
&quot; &quot;our
&quot; &quot;Bio-En Holding Corp.
 &ldquo;Bio-En&rdquo;
 &ldquo;BHC&rdquo;
&quot; and
&ldquo;Issuer&rdquo; mean Bio-En Holding Corp.
 unless the context clearly requires otherwise.


    
    











 Inc
 a Delaware corporation
is a project and plant development company in the business of producing and selling ethanol and butanol made from municipal solid
waste and other cellulosic fiber.


 designed
 engineered and
prepared agreements to build and operate a facility using Gravity Pressure Vessel Technology in Weak Acid Hydrolysis to convert
Biomass to Ethanol (the &ldquo;Facility&rdquo;). The Facility will be built on the Island of Malta and is anticipated to be fully
operational by the end of the 4th quarter of 2016.


from the waste management industry and integrate the recycling of waste
 control of carbon dioxide and other emissions
 with the
profitable production of fuel grade Ethanol.







 under the name Olivia
 Inc.
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 6
 2014. The Company
 through its merger &ldquo;(Merger&rsquo;)
with Bio-En Corp (&ldquo;BEC&rdquo;) is in the development stage and is devoting substantially all of its efforts to the development
of its business plan. The Company intends to be a world leader of setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel technologies. The
Company intends to plan
 design
 and execute agreements to build
 operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy facility on the island
of Malta
 which is contingent on sufficient capital funding. &nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s fiscal year-end is December 31.





intends to offer profitable solutions to environmental problems by the integration and application of proven technologies and methods
that deal with waste materials and the processing of biomass to fuel grade ethanol or other biofuels. The Company is focused on
the up-to-date use of established process engineering principles joined with specific patented technology available to it through
a license agreement entered into on March 23
 2014 between BEC. and GeneSyst International
 Inc. a Delaware corporation
 the license
agreement assigned by BEC to Company.




Malta Enterprise
 the governing body in Malta overseeing projects for the government indicating the Company has been given a green
light to design
 build and operate a facility to convert municipal solid waste and other forms of cellulosic biomass to ethanol
subject to requirements established by Malta Enterprises and the government of Malta
 as well as other intended governments (&ldquo;Facility&rdquo;).
The Facility should be fully operational within 18/24 months of full funding.



a major GREEN project. The Facility will combine technologies from the waste management industry which will be integrated into
the Facility&rsquo;s overall waste recycling program
 control of carbon dioxide and other emissions and the profitable production
of fuel grade ethanol and other Biofuels.


from gate fees for MSW (as defined below) brought to the plant
 the sale of ethanol or other biofuels
 sale of carbon dioxide and
sale of excess electricity to Malta. No off-take contracts have been entered into as of this time.


of revenue
 the Company expects to derive additional revenue from biofuels production subsidies. The European Union (&ldquo;EU&rdquo;)
recognizes that producing Biofuel food crops on crop land has considerable cost implications since they are staple foods and need
significant subsidies to be converted to biofuels. The price and demand for fuel has contributed to escalating food price inflation
over recent years causing serious hardship for poorer populations. The EU is expected to implement a major overhaul of biofuels
production subsidies that favor the Company.

Green Business Opportunity and Cellulosic
Feedstock


Middle East turmoil
 government Biofuel incentives
 clean-tech venture investments and maturing technologies
 all these factors
contributing to the critical mass necessary to launch the Biofuel market in a meaningful way.


fuel and its production from food grains is widespread. However
 the use of the food grains in the production of ethanol along
with the cost for fuel is causing widespread increases in food prices and governments are now seeking alternative feedstock and
fuel sources to accommodate the increasing demand for clean fuels from sustainable sources other than food grains or fossil fuels.


to enormous opportunities and transitional challenges over the next ten years. A few issues hold the key to these growth opportunities.
If the promises of competitive
 large-scale cellulosic ethanol production is realized
 and if national import/export policies for
Biofuels are further liberalized
 then the possibilities for ethanol to replace 20% of gasoline consumption in the USA
 Europe
China and India may be actualized by the year 2020.



    
    






green sentiment
 anymore. It is about building national energy security and being part of a huge emerging market of a kind that
may come once in a century.



the worldwide burgeoning demand for Biofuels thus adding value to the Company and high returns for the Company&rsquo;s investors
by integrating world-class technology matched to a project for the conversion of solid waste feedstock (&ldquo;MSW&rdquo;) and
other cellulosic feedstock into fuel grade ethanol and other Biofuel.


use of patented Gravity Pressure Vessel (&ldquo;GPV&rdquo;) technology will demonstrate its leadership in setting the standard
for best practicable waste conversion to fungible Ethanol and other Biofuels for the world market in an environmentally friendly
manner.


will be the future standard that will be used to measure all projects of this type and will lead to additional projects across
the EU
 Asia and the Middle East.





 as a first step in achieving its business
plan
 assumed the license agreement (the &ldquo;License Agreement&rdquo;) with GeneSyst International
 Inc.
 (&ldquo;GeneSyst&rdquo;)
the exclusive licensing agent for a portfolio of patents including the Gravity Pressure Vessels and supporting appurtenances. The
license and patents are issued by political boundary
 with exclusive rights defined by the physical location of the Facility. There
are no restrictions on source of materials or marketing of products. Pursuant to the Merger
 the Company has assumed the rights
and responsibilities under the License Agreement.



3% of income
 but not less than $330
000 per year. After the initial payment
 alternate one-time payment plans are available. Supporting
services are available by separate arrangement coincident with the License Agreement. As new patents are developed they are automatically
added to the patent portfolio without additional charge.


of the most recently issued patent - which is twenty years from the original filing date. Quality control matters are built into
the License Agreement.


patents pertaining to the Company&rsquo;s business is included in the License Agreement. The most applicable and flexible patent
being US 8496754 which patent has been approved in the EU awaiting publishing. Another which has several advantages has been disclosed

8
496
754 B2 Titmas Date of Patent: Jul.30
 2013


of the License Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the provisions of the License Agreement filed as Exhibit
10.2 to this Report
 which is incorporated by reference herein.



    
    





toward a process whereby woody cellulosic material is converted to ethanol via acid hydrolysis of cellulosic material to sugars
that are subsequently fermented. The acid hydrolysis takes place in a gravity pressure vessel. In particular
 the present invention
is directed to apparatus and methods for impregnating woody cellulosic material with an alkali to make it more amiable to treatment
in the gravity pressure vessel. In more particular embodiments
 this invention is also directed toward employing ultrasound in
a gravity pressure vessel to aid in the processing of woody cellulosic material.



plans
to produce 88.5 million liters (23.3 million gallons) of fuel grade Ethanol each year which it would sell under contract to offshore
users and spot purchasers. The production volume can be adjusted to accommodate short-term increases in overall capacity.



production facility that will have an initial capacity to take in a mixture of raw materials amounting to 370
000 wet metric tons
of Biomass per year. In addition
 the Company has reached a preliminary understanding with the Maltese Government to take into
the planned Malta Facility a major portion of the MSW that is generated by Malta and Gozo. The gross annual amount is approximately
250
000 metric tons and the Company will become the only Government contractor employed to receive this MSW supply for processing
and treatment. The plant is designed to meet the requirements for Zero Waste Back to Landfill.


and various forms of Biomass as the raw feedstock in the production process. The GenySyst process is a wet-based procedure and
requires a supply of water to initiate the operation of the process. This water supply can come from any non-salt water source
direct potable water
 rain water
 final effluent from a sewage works
 or from recovered process water from businesses or from sewage
sludge. Once initiated
 the internal process water is continuously recycled. This water supply will be supplemented with make-up
water contained within new supplies of Biomass and sources of non-potable water.


from the plant will be treated in a small waste water treatment processing plant located on or adjacent to the site. The waste
water treatment plant will be designed to produce water that is suitable for discharge into inland watercourses or for irrigation
purposes
 as well as make-up water or used in the production of electricity from the Combined Heat and Power (&ldquo;CHP&rdquo;)
plant. Excess power not used at the Facility will be sold to the Malta grid.


on site as part of the Facility. This will allow the Facility to operate independently of the Malta Electrical Grid. The Facility
may use residual heat and by-products
 such as Methane and a CHP plant to provide the power needed for the plant to operate. The
Facility will be a net producer of heat energy that can be converted to electricity and sold to local users.



facility
 or any further materials produced during the production process would be non-toxic
 and can be reused or incorporated
into construction materials and pavement foundations for roads.




will vary according to the type and source of Biomass. The estimated range is from 550 liters per dry metric ton from pure cotton
400 to 450 liters per dry metric ton of recovered paper and wood
 300 to 350 liters per dry metric ton from green waste in parks&amp;
gardens and food waste
 to around 200 to 250 liters per metric ton from MSW.


facility include recovered paper
 green waste from parks and gardens
 MSW
 as well as coastal sea weed and shore debris.



    
    



Malta or imported from the EU or to meet the feedstock needs of the facility. The Company plans to develop its first facility based
on MSW and recovered paper
 augmenting the feedstock with a blend of additional raw materials to increase bottom line revenues.
Malta prohibits the importation of raw&nbsp;trash and garbage
 but does allow pre-processed materials.

Integration of Technologies for Mitigation
and Production


existing proven technologies with GeneSyst&rsquo;s GPV technology to convert the cellulose content in Biomass into fuel grade Ethanol
Biofuel and other byproducts that can be sold in the open market.




Facility needed to convert municipal and agricultural wastes to Ethanol and Biofuel have been in use and functioning for many years.
Two decades ago a breakthrough occurred in the creation of a &ldquo;continuous pressure cooker&rdquo; that operated with extremely
high thermal and mechanical efficiency coupled with industry setting records for on-line availability
 which is now known as the
GPV.


the GPV accepts and processes solid wastes in water. When the GPV technology was coupled with wastewater treatment technology
the joining of these technologies supported a process that achieved rapid
 high volume processing of waste products and various
other environmentally unfriendly raw materials into environmentally safe Biofuel at a low sustainable cost.


cost for feedstock. Company&rsquo;s robust returns are a result of the low cost of its feedstock
 which in fact is not a cost (liability)
but a source of revenue (asset)
 since Malta pays a tipping fee to get rid of its MSW. The use of MSW and other waste feedstock
ensures economically viable operations with or without tax incentives and meets the sustainability requirements which have been
written into EU laws pertaining to the sustainability of Biofuel production. The use of grains and other foodstuffs to make Biofuel
has caused widespread increases in the cost of food in Europe and is affecting the economics of everyday life.




have been made based upon generally accepted engineering procedures to predict performance of the facility as well as the economic
expectations to be derived from these practices. In order to be successful
 it is necessary to build a facility that is more efficient
and more effective than previous technologies employed by others. To accomplish this with minimal risk
 certain protocols have
been established by the Company&rsquo;s engineers to insure that the plant to be designed and built will meet all requisite standards
discussed throughout the body of this plan. The Company&rsquo;s engineers believe these extrapolations are limited
 conservative
and reasonable in nature so as to result in a financially viable facility. However
 some actual results may differ from projections
due to unforeseen developments.




to the Saccharides by Weak Acid Hydrolysis prior to making Ethanol has been used in the United States in the Pulp and Paper industry
for over 30 years
 using small scale plants with heating under pressure in multiple batch tanks above ground. The GPV has been
used for twenty years to oxidize wet waste materials. During this time GPVs were also used for the conversion of waste streams
to commercial commodities
 thus proving their viability and profitability.



    
    


Drivers Promoting Processing MSW to
Ethanol



    
    
Need for a clean
 non-polluting process for the manufacture of fuel grade Ethanol

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
In less developed countries
 waste production per capita is rising
 probably at an even faster rate than the EU
 as per-capita GNP and living standards increase

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Oil
 electricity and other energy prices are all rising

    
    
    

    
    
Transportation costs are increasing - reflecting rising oil
 land and labor prices

    
    
Increasing demand for waste treatment in urban areas
 coupled with ongoing health concerns requires innovative application of proven technologies/methods to treat waste economically

    
    
    

    
    
    





Titmas a professional engineer with 54 years of experience in water and waste treatment and the founder of GeneSyst International
Inc.


Hydrolysis to convert celluloses to saccharides was discovered in the 1820&rsquo;s and used by Henry Ford in the 1920-30&rsquo;s
to provide the feed stock for producing fuel grade Ethanol.


of converting celluloses to high value saccharides
 and thus increases the resulting yield of Ethanol from Biomass and waste materials.


process by using a shallow commercial water well chamber modified to be a sealed vacuum chamber in which hangs the GPV. After receipt
and initial shredding of cellulosic materials
 the Biomass is mixed with water and impregnated with a mild alkali solution. The
processed Biomass then enters the outer annulus of the GPV passing downwards
 pre-heating and accumulating pressure. In the reaction
chamber at the bottom of the GPV
 Oxygen is used to destroy tramp organics that inhibit fermentation followed by the introduction
of a catalyst (dilute carbonic acid) to instigate the disassociation of the celluloses to saccharides (sugars). This oxidation
step is exothermic and after pre-heating
 Celsius). With a small portion
of un-reacted nitrogen and thermal expansion
 the density of the mixture is lowered to allow natural convection to move the fluids
through the GPV without pumping. The mixture
 which is now sugar based
 rises up the inner pipe after neutralization of its acid
in the reaction chambers. The mixture continues to rise driven upwards past the downward flowing colder feed mix
 and as it does
it allows its heat to pass through the wall of the inner heat exchanging pipe to the descending raw materials in the outer annulus
of the GPV. At the surface the sugar mixture is then cleaned using conventional water processing equipment and forwarded for conversion
to Ethanol or Biofuel ready for sale. All tanks and processing vessels are enclosed. The system is completely sealed to prevent
loss of product
 odors and environmental contamination. Ethanol produced from Biomass waste eliminates the production of new Green
House Gases (GHG) arising from the waste. Ethanol is used up to an 85% concentration as a substitute for the refined fossil fuels
as an additive to gasoline. It offers a further reduction in the emission of GHG giving additional benefits to the environment.
The GHG emissions of landfill gasses are also dramatically reduced.



    
    





from cellulosic material uses a combination of higher temperatures with acid conditions. The higher the temperature
 the lesser
the amount of acid needed. This hydrolysis reaction process is nearly instantaneous and must be arrested before the acids decompose
the saccharides created from de-polymerization of the cellulosic materials. In the case of the GPV the acidic conditions are neutralized
to arrest the reaction and the heat energy is recovered.


advantage made available by using a continuous plug flow GPV reaction chamber
 combined with the advantages of no moving parts
a tolerance for large size pieces and use of many types of raw materials
 the internal recycling of pressure and heat energy all
combine to create high availability.

which leads to increased productivity at lower costs.

Gravity Pressure Vessel &copy; (GPV)
Visual



Recap of the Gravity Pressure Vessel
and How It Works



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The shaft is brought under vacuum pressure
 like a vacuum flask

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    




    
    
At the bottom of the pipe
 celluloses converts to sugars in a low pH environment

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
After the celluloses are cracked in the &ldquo;reactor&rdquo; chamber
 the sugar dissolves and rises through the inner pipe to the closed sedimentation tanks on ground level

    
    
    

    
    
    


GeneSyst Schematic for Conversion of
Biomass to Ethanol






Finance
 Design
 Construct and Operate Facility and will cost approximately $150 million to complete and to put into full operation.



designated land allocated by the Government of Malta at the eastern end of the Hal Far Industrial Area. The site has an area of
55
000 square meters (13.25 acres) and is fully accessible being bounded on three sides by major roads suitable for HGV Class III
vehicles. The site is in the south east of the island of Malta within 6 kilometers of Malta&rsquo;s main airport (Luqa) and more
importantly 3 kilometers of the Malta Free Port.


targeted to make upwards of 88 Million liters per year of the Bio-Ethanol. The source material to make this will be 270
000 dry
metric tons equivalent per year of the Raw Material Biomass. It is anticipated that 80% of the feedstock come from sources on Malta
and Gozo. The target date to begin commercial production of ethanol is estimated to be the last quarter of 2016.



    
    



be made using the process known as Dilute-Acid Hydrolysis in conjunction with GeneSyst&rsquo;s patented Gravity Pressure Vessel
&trade; along with remainder of plant engineering and design obtained from the waste water (sewage) treatment industry and traditional
fermentation and distillation plant technology used in the Ethanol Industry.


or GMO (genetically-modified-organisms) in the conversion process was a major point of discussion with the Advisory Board of Assessors
and Engineers for the Government of Malta. Once it was proven that the plant did not pose a risk to humans
 animals and the flora
and fauna on the Island
 the project was given an immediate go-ahead by the Malta Authorities.


an Engineering
 Procurement
 Construction (&ldquo;EPC&rdquo;) contractor to design
 construct and operate the facility and to oversee
local sub-contractors such as the civil engineering construction company Attard Construction supported by Panta Lesco who specializes
in mechanical
 electrical and ICA/SCADA (Instrumentation Control and Automation/System Collection and Data Acquisition). Both of
these local sub-contractors have worked on projects in the Water and Waste Water (Sewage) Treatment and the Food and Chemical Process
Industry. EPC is a prominent form of contracting agreement in the construction industry. The engineering and construction contractor
will carry out the detailed engineering design of the project
 procure all the equipment and materials necessary
 and then construct
to deliver a functioning facility or asset to their clients. Companies that deliver EPC Projects are commonly referred to as EPC
Contractors.


place
 the Company&rsquo;s in house engineers along with the EPC contractor and the sub-contractors will finalize the various protocols
and strategies for the design and construction for the facility
 and establish the parameters for the facility to be completed.
During this period
 the target dates for overall completion of the project will be set along with the purchase of Owners Protective
Professional Indemnity Insurance to cover any risks concerning the design and operations of the project.


completed. The Company&rsquo;s business implementation strategy has been to assemble a first class team to design and construct
and operate the plant at the earliest possible time. Company will be using the appropriate FIDIC (F&eacute;d&eacute;ration International
Des Ing&eacute;nieurs-Conseils) Conditions of Contract to ensure that any issues are normalized under traditional working practices
as used in the EU.


developed according to a Design and Construct contract where a portion of the design may not be fully developed until construction
is about to start. However as soon as the financing is in place and mobilization of the designers and construction companies has
occurred
 this process will be started. This whole procedure will be nurtured through a VM/VE (Value Management/Value Engineering)
audit trail which will be under constant review by the in-house staff and consultants for the Company.


and the residual planning assays with MEPA (Malta Environment and Planning Authority) need to be finalized before the actual construction
begins. These investigations may be carried out simultaneously with the need to assess and confirm the supply of the raw materials
used to make the Biofuels and should be confirmed by the necessary laboratory testing which will be carried out in the local testing
centers and University. At the same time
 pre-orders should be lodged with the longest lead time items including that for the drilling
company that will be needed to drill the bore-holes for the installation of the three gravity pressure vessels. All boreholes should
be drilled to the common depth of 610 meters (2000 feet) needed for the process. The drilling of these boreholes and the installation
of the steel-work will take approximately 6 weeks. Two major drilling companies have been asked for quotes for this part of the
operation and early indications suggest that one will be the most acceptable in terms of practice
 record and price for this part
of the work. Again the lead time to obtain the fermentation and concentration plant for the production of the Ethanol will also
be required to be ordered early on and this should be organized at the same time.



    
    



is installed and operational
 the sections making up the overall plant needed for full commercial operation
 complete with its
pre-treatment settlement tanks needed to prepare the Biomass
 and its subsequent post gravity pressure vessel cleaning mechanical
elements for cleaning the saccharides/sugars and treatment plant items may be put on-line making the plant ready for full service
and for training personnel in operations and maintenance.


the final waste water (or residual effluent) treatment process plant
 the anaerobic digestion facility
 its CHP (Combined Heat
and Power) plant for creating electrical generation capacity and the residual water treatment component for discharging water for
irrigation purposes.


being installed
 the construction and fitting out of the additional gravity pressure vessels that form the main service units of
the overall plant will be carried to completion. Simultaneously with the development of the service units
 the facilities for the
processing and preparation of the Biomass will be ongoing along with the facilities for post gravity pressure vessel cleaning of
the saccharides/sugars) and treatment items for fermentation and concentration of Biofuels and/or Ethanol.


Customs and Excise Authority can inspect and confirm the amount and specifications of the fuel prior to its release and collection
by Company&rsquo;s own transportation fleet of HGV Class III articulated tankers to ship the fuel to the storage depot in the Malta
Free Port for export. Within the Malta Free Port an additional storage tank for the Ethanol can be built to accommodate this need.


 the Malta Biomass to Ethanol Facility
should take around 22 months to construct but because of the phased nature of construction and commissioning it will start delivering
Ethanol well within this period &ndash; at around 12 to 15 months. It is anticipated that upon establishment of the full operating
protocols the facility may become fully operational within 22 months of commissioning.




 the Company is in discussions
with the following contractors:





    
    
 David Xuereb &amp; Associates is anticipated to be the local firm of Architects and Engineers. The Maltese
authorities approved the employment of David Xuereb &amp; Associates at an early stage in negotiations and the firm will be the
single point of contact for the full design and all attendant issues of the facility. The design role should include the direct
design input from GeneSyst as part of the licensing arrangements with GeneSyst.




    
    
Kevin H Ramsey Consulting may provide additional design work relating to the Civil and Process Engineering
 which includes Chemical
 Hydraulics
 Thermodynamics etc. with Mechanical and Electrical
 HV/LV and Power
 and ICA/SCADA works.




    
    
The Malta College of Arts Science and Technology and the University of Malta
 together with Queen's University in Belfast and the Carbolea Institute at the University of Limerick may also be providing services to assist in verifying the input materials through testing and analytical work.




    
    







    
    
The Facility Operations and Maintenance (O &amp; M) is currently integrated into the operating expense budget projections. However
 it is envisioned that the O &amp; M function will be organized as a separate Company Contractor under a separate contract expected with an EPC contractor.




    
    
The Biomass to Ethanol Facility is not a complex type of plant and uses traditional and standard equipment that is generally used across a wide selection of water
 waste water
 chemical and food process industries. The O &amp;M Contractor personnel will be trained people with experience from Malta based chemical and waste water and process industries.




    
    
    





from different sources of Biomass ranges from 132 liters of Ethanol per metric ton
 to over 340liters per metric ton from raw materials
rich in fiber such as wood
 low lignin pulp and sugar beet residues. It is estimated
 over 40 different kinds of fiber sources
may be available from population centers
 many associated with negative cost sourcing
 all of which are usable in GPV processing.
Negative cost sourcing refers to buyer cost factors. Buyer cost factors are response adjustments that occur when dealing with a
particular supplier. Buyer cost factors account for negative (and positive) aspects inherent in dealing with a particular supplier.
Such aspects could include the risk involved in dealing with a particular supplier because of supplier location
 or possible supplier
past performance. For example
 a new and untried supplier (or new manufacturing or shipping location for an incumbent supplier)
exposes the buying organization to a higher risk of supply disruption simply because the buying organization has no experience
of buying from the new supplier or location. Buyer cost factors are used in transformational bidding/quoting.


use a majority of the total volume of organic wastes from human activity. The process is believed to meet and exceed all public
mandates to recycle. The conversion process has no air emissions. The separation
 fermentation and distillation processes are well
known and widely used.

Feedstock Compatible with the GeneSyst
Technology


processing would allow for significant efficiencies along with administrative
 environmental and social advantages.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




The GPV or
processes.
The problems arose from complications in recovery of first stage combustion energy (complex heat exchanger failures) incidence
of toxic emissions from chlorinated and toxic inclusions in the feed stocks
 char and clinker interference with continuance ash
extraction
 low &ldquo;on line availability (less than 75%) failure to meet permit standards during start up and shut down protocols
and an overall failure to &ldquo;scale up&rdquo; beyond weekly batch operations larger than 100 tons per day. Despite the known
technical failings of gasification
 promoters continue to garner investment of significant funds which will fail on observing the
traditional problems have not been resolved. Examples of these failures include Brightstar
 Thermoselect
 Siemens-F&uuml;rth
 Range
Fuel and others to name just a few. The losses to investors ranged from $200 million to $500 million US.


The generic family of processing materials
 known as the &ldquo;pump and tank&rdquo; mechanical means of inducing higher temperatures
in fluids via pumping and heat exchangers includes: wet oxidation (Zimproet. Al.) pyrolysis
 acid hydrolysis (both concentrated
and dilute). All have in common the use of heat to crack
 decompose or make digestible complex organic debris &ndash; basically
similar to cooking foods for the same reasons. The most common practitioner of these arts was the Zimpro process which built over
200 commercial plants between 1960 and 1990. Of these only 5 are still in operation by virtue of cannibalization of parts from
other units. Again
 the problems revolve around &ldquo;on line availability
&rdquo; mechanical complexity
 moving parts
 operator
challenges and low yields. Attempts at strong acid hydrolysis in lieu of wet oxidation had the added complication of acid destruction
of containment vessels. Yields in all cases were low due to the time period to manipulate the combination of the cellulose to sugar
reaction (the combination of higher temperatures and acidic conditions) and complex mixtures of thick cellulosic semi-solid pastes
obligated by the costs of pumping and containment. The longer the reaction
 the more sugars were destroyed before extraction.

Rather
than solve the problems of acid hydrolysis researchers moved to the more academic fields of enzyme enhancements which to date have
turned out to require the use of expendable proteins for the saccharides conversion. Enzymes also held the promise of continuous
academic study which also had a peculiar advantage in the research fields. Lignin remains problematic and some attempts are at
hand to separate cellulose
 hemi cellulose and lignin prior to further processing. Most of these are pursuing agricultural raw
materials. The same problems of the processing of incoming MSW remain the same
 noting that many components of agri-wastes and
MSW share many characteristics and processing challenges in common. The real shortfall occurs from the seasonality of agricultural
cellulose sources and the costs to collect and transport adequate quantities of agricultural chaff.




sought out any customers because the Facility has yet to be built. Prior to the completion of the first phase of plant construction
the Company intends to make its first entry onto the Biofuel Marketplace seeking a long-term contract for 80% of its production.
The Company plans to sell 20% of its total production on the spot market or under short term contracts to take advantage of what
it believes to be a rising market demand and subsequent increase in ethanol prices.



    
    





:&nbsp; The
EU maintains two complementary pieces of legislation relating to renewable fuels: the Renewable Energy Directive (RED) and the
Fuel Quality Directive (FQD). Together
 these directives establish targets for the adoption of renewable fuels in EU member states
by 2020. Transportation fuels are one category of fuels covered by these directives
 and the targeted goals cover all renewable
fuels &ndash; that is
 they are not limited to ethanol. The FQD is relevant to the present discussion in that it establishes a
limit of 10% for ethanol blending within EU member states
 which are obligated to adopt national laws in conformance with the requirements
of the directive.


Renewable Energy Directive (RED) requires that by 2020 all transportation fuels in the EU must contain 10% Biofuel. Individual
EU states are free to incrementally build up to this target as they see fit
 meaning that current mandated levels vary. Nevertheless
the fines incurred by fuel producers for not meeting local requirements offer some measure of demand stability. Of course
 given
that the mandates are dictated as percentages
 declines in the consumption of the primary fuel for example
 gasoline or diesel
&ndash; will also affect Biofuel demand.


apply to Biofuels across the board
 but there are numerous other legislative changes that are set to affect specific products in
different ways. Biofuels produced from a raw material that is not part of the food chain
 known as second-generation Biofuels
are set to count double when tallying up the bio-content of a fuel blend. This will include Biodiesel
 which is made from used
cooking oil and Ethanol produced from crude glycerin
 which is itself a by-product of Biodiesel production. These changes add up
to a positive future for the product
 which has yet to enjoy widespread usage.




on management&rsquo;s belief that there is a significant market demand for fuel grade Ethanol and other Biofuels derived from sources
other than agricultural feedstock and which are fully sustainable without impacting the food supply chain. The Company believes
that its revenue model has the capability to provide substantial and predictable recurring revenue because it uses waste materials
MSW and agricultural waste at no feedstock costs to the enterprise. In addition to the negative feedstock costs
 the Company will
be receiving substantial gate fees for taking in the waste as well as other environmental cash credits from the EU. The Company
has developed a multi-faceted revenue model that is expected
 over time
 to provide recurring revenue from the following sources:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





in the United States and the EU
 with the latter planning to increase its annual production to about 10% of its liquid fuels by
2020. The United States has set up an ambitious target to produce about 8 billion gallons annually by 2012 and about 40 billion
gallons by 2022. Though the energy companies are widening their portfolios to include Biofuels
 the move is fraught by significant
challenges such as types of fuels to be used
 regulations and regulatory approvals
 increased usage of land for cultivating Biofuel
crops and diversion of food crops for fuel production which is resulting in the increase of food prices.



    
    



is projected to grow by a CAGR of 12.9% during the period 2006-2015 to reach US$ 61.5 billion by 2015. Focusing on the key challenges
that still impede the realization of the billion-metric ton renewable fuels vision
 this Memorandum integrates technological development
and business development rationales to highlight the key technological developments that are necessary to industrialize Biofuels
on a global scale. Technological issues addressed in this work include fermentation and downstream processing technologies
 as
compared to current industrial practice and process economics. Business issues that provide the lens through which the technological
review is performed span the entire Biofuel value chain
 from financial mechanisms to fund biotechnology start-ups in the Biofuel
arena up to large green field manufacturing projects
 to raw material farming
 collection and transport to the bioconversion plant
manufacturing
 product recovery
 storage
 and transport to the point of sale. Green Field manufacturing is form of foreign direct
investment where a parent company starts a new venture in a foreign country by constructing new operational facilities from the
ground up. In addition to building new facilities
 most parent companies also create new long-term jobs in the foreign country
by hiring new employees. Emphasis has been placed throughout the book on providing a global view that takes into account the intrinsic
characteristics of various Biofuels markets from Brazil
 the EU
 the US
 or Japan
 to emerging economies as agricultural development
and Biofuel development appear undissociably linked. Biofuels have emerged as a widely used renewable source of energy in the recent
years. However
 the rising demand for Biofuels in developed as well as developing countries has put a lot of pressure on - such
as corn
 sorghum
 and soy
 which are food crops. To ease off this pressure on food crops
 scientists around the world are working
on methods to convert lignocelluloses from plant waste material into Biofuels
 instead of utilizing more food crops.



from plant such as cellulose
 hemicellulose
 and lignin are known as lingo-cellulosic Biomass. It is possible to categorize lingo
cellulosic Biomass into four categories: energy crops
 wood residues
 agricultural residues and municipal paper waste.



have the potential to provide a large portion of cheap fuel for transportation especially if the available conversion processes
are made cost effective. If technological hurdles are overcome
 then a wide variety of lingocellulosic Biomass can be converted
into Biofuels.


ethanol is expected to increase from 14.25m gallons in 2012 to 412.25m gallons in 2020
 with commercial production anticipated
to take off on a large scale in late 2013 and 2014
 thanks to major players adding substantial production capacity and new companies
joining the market. The US is expected to retain its market dominance until 2020.


most widely acclaimed alternative or additive for gasoline used for running vehicles
 and the US ranked as number one producer
of this biofuel using natural waste feedstock
 states new analysis.


latest report &ldquo;Cellulosic Ethanol - Global Production
 Major Trends
 Regulations
 and Key Country Analysis to 2020 the US
is the global leader in cellulosic ethanol production
 manufacturing 5.42m gallons in 2012 &ndash;



such as France and Italy have cellulosic ethanol production infrastructure
 but a limited supply of biomass feedstock. Growth of
commercial production in these countries may fuel the need to import feedstock from nearby countries or expand production to other
countries with ample feedstock availability. A few producers with upcoming commercial scale plants in the US have already started
signing agreements to procure agricultural residue and other kinds of cellulosic feedstock.




 the Company
has no employees.



    
    





this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 stockholders or prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors:

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below
 together with all of the other information included
in this Report
 before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
or results of operations could suffer. In that case
 the trading price of our shares of common stock could decline
 and you may
lose all or part of your investment. You should read the section entitled &ldquo;Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements&rdquo;
above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements
 as well as the significance of such statements
in the context of this Report.

Risks Related&nbsp;to Our Company and
the Biofuel Industry

We have no trading history and may
never achieve profitability and the failure to raise additional capital could place our continued viability in question.


capital from external sources to carry out our business plan
 develop the Malta facility and develop markets for the sale of our
products. If we are unable to generate the required additional capital
 our ability to meet our financial obligations and to implement
our business plan may be adversely affected.&nbsp; We currently have no commitments to obtain additional capital
 and there can
be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 if at all.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we are not successful
in raising additional working capital to support our operations and implement our business plan
 we may be forced to curtail our
operations
 take additional measures to reduce costs
 modify our business plan
 and consider strategic alternatives that could
include a sale of our business or filing for bankruptcy protection.

We are a development stage green
field company with a limited history and a small employee base
 which makes an investment in us highly speculative.


marketing of fuel grade ethanol
 carbon dioxide
 electricity and other associated products is primarily based upon the construction
and operation of a future facility in Malta. We have not produced or sold any products to date. Accordingly
 we have a limited
operating history from which you can evaluate our business and prospects.&nbsp;&nbsp; In addition
 our prospects must be considered
in light of the inherent risks
 expenses and difficulties encountered by companies in the early stages of development
 particularly
companies in rapidly evolving markets
 such as the bioenergy market
 where supply and demand may change significantly in a short
amount of time.&nbsp;&nbsp;Some of these risks relate to our potential inability to:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



risks
 our business and our results of operations and financial position would suffer.

We may not be able to secure additional
necessary funding on favorable terms
 or at all
 in order to sustain our current operations
 execute on our business plan and market
our products.


our ongoing operations and complete construction of our Malta facility. We may raise these additional funds from public and private
debt or equity offerings
 borrowings under bank or lease lines of credit
 or other sources. Any additional financing may not be
available on a timely basis
 on terms acceptable to us
 or at all. Such financing may be dilutive to shareholders or may require
us to grant a lender a security interest in our assets
 which could be detrimental to our shareholders if we are unable to repay
our obligations. The amount of money we will need may depend on many factors
 including:



    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
A decrease in the price we receive for our fuel grade ethanol and other products
 which would &nbsp;reduce our revenues; and

    
    



 we
may incur further delays in completing our Malta facility or be required to curtail or cease our operations altogether. Any of
these results would materially harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Additional delays due to
 among other
things
 labor or material shortages
 permitting or zoning issues
 or opposition from local groups may hinder our ability to commence
operations at the Malta facility
 which would harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


of the Malta facility for any number of reasons
 including compliance with permitting and zoning requirements
 opposition from
local groups
 shortages of labor or material
 defects in materials or workmanship
 changes in interest rates or the credit market
or policy changes at the Malta Government or European Community level.&nbsp;&nbsp; There can be no assurance that we will be able
to raise the additional required capital
 complete construction and operate the Malta facility at full design capacity.&nbsp;&nbsp;
If our timetable for construction and the commencement of operations at the Malta facility is delayed
 this will impact our ability
to generate revenue and achieve profitability
 which would have an adverse material effect on our business
 our financial condition
and our results of operations.

Significant increases in the cost
of constructing the Malta facility may further delay or cause us to abandon construction of the Malta facility
 which would materially
impact our ability to achieve profitability and the value of your shares.


cost of constructing the Malta facility and commencing operations will not be significantly higher than budgeted.&nbsp;&nbsp; Many
events and conditions
 including economic factors
 site conditions
 design modifications and set-up delays or overruns
 could also
lead to significant increases in project costs.&nbsp;&nbsp; Furthermore
 we need to obtain and comply with a number of permitting
requirements
 many of which can be costly and time consuming.&nbsp;&nbsp; As a condition to granting necessary permits
 regulators
may make additional demands that increase the costs of constructing and operating the plant.&nbsp;&nbsp; If any of these events
occurs
 we could be forced to seek additional debt or equity financing beyond what we currently expect to need
 which may not be
immediately available
 may not be available on favorable terms
 or may not be available at all.&nbsp;&nbsp; If additional capital
is required
 we may experience additional significant construction delays
 or fail to achieve profitability
 any of which would
have a material adverse effect on our business
 our financial condition and our results of operations
 and significantly diminish
or eliminate the value of your shares.

We may materially modify our business
plan for any number of reasons
 which may cause us to incur additional costs or further delay the expansion of our production capacity
which would harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


number of ways
 including decreasing the design capacity of the Malta facility or abandoning the Hal Far Estate site for an alternative
location. Any material modification to our business plan may result in higher than anticipated construction and start-up costs
at the Malta facility
 require us to abandon the Malta facility with or without the ability to recoup acquisition
 design and construction
costs incurred to date; may cause significant delays before we are able to increase our current production capacity
 cause our
planned production to be significantly below our current estimates
 or result in higher than anticipated operating costs
 any of
which could have an adverse material effect on our business
 our financial condition and our results of operations.



    
    


We operate in an intensely competitive
industry and we may not be able to compete effectively.


 marketing
and sale of alternative fuels is highly competitive. Competition could be intense and result in increases in the costs of raw materials
plant construction and operating expenses
 as well as make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified engineers
 chemists
and other employees whose services could be key to our operations as they develop. Larger companies that are already engaged in
this business may have access to greater financial and other resources
 making it difficult to compete with them in recruiting
and retaining qualified employees
 in acquiring attractive locations for the construction and operation of future production facilities
and selling our products at competitive prices.

New plants under construction or
decreases in the demand for biofuels may result in excess production capacity in our industry.


and the amount of biofuels produced will likely continue to increase in the near future
 which may lead to excess biofuel production
capacity.&nbsp;&nbsp; In a manufacturing industry with excess capacity
 producers have an incentive to manufacture additional products
for so long as the price exceeds the marginal cost of production (i.e.
 the cost of producing only the next unit
 without regard
for interest
 overhead or fixed costs). This incentive can result in the reduction of the market price of biofuel to a level that
is inadequate to generate sufficient cash flow to cover costs.&nbsp;&nbsp; Excess capacity may also result from decreases in the
demand for biofuel
 which could result from a number of factors
 including increased governmental regulation
 the elimination or
modification of governmental incentives
 the development of other technologies or products that compete with biofuel
 or reduced
fuel consumption generally. Excess capacity in the biofuel industry or the reduction of the market price for biofuel could have
an adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.

The production of biofuel requires
that we purchase significant amounts of raw materials
 such as biomass waste
 paper waste and other materials that we may be unable
to procure.


amounts of raw materials
 such as biomass waste
 paper waste and other materials. Such raw materials may be unavailable which could
significantly reduce our ability to produce biofuels.

Our business is highly sensitive
to the gate fees we receive and the prices we pay for biomass waste
 and any future price adjustments could increase our operating
costs and may adversely affect our operating results.

Negative consumer perceptions of
biofuel may impair or prevent the acceptance of biofuel in the marketplace
 which could harm our business.


and general public acceptance of biofuel is uncertain. Public acceptance of biofuel as a reliable
 high-quality alternative transport
fuel may be limited or slower than anticipated. Even if our production processes consistently produce biofuel that complies with
applicable standards
 actual or perceived problems with quality control in the industry generally may lead to a lack of consumer
confidence in biofuel and harm our ability to successfully market biofuel. Quality control issues in biofuel that is produced by
other industry participants could result in a decrease in demand or mandates for biofuel
 with a resulting decrease in our revenue.
Furthermore
 any negative media reports
 whether substantiated or not
 may adversely affect the demand for our biofuel
 which in
turn could decrease our sales
 harm our business and adversely affect our financial condition.



    
    


Deterioration in European
 United
States and global credit and financial markets may have a material adverse impact on our liquidity
 financial position and ability
to operate our business.


in the European
 United States and global credit and financial markets could negatively impact our ability to obtain financing
to construct and operate our Malta facility.

We may be adversely affected by environmental
health and safety laws
 regulations and liabilities.


is subject to various environmental laws and regulations
 including those relating to the discharge of materials into the air
water and ground
 the generation
 storage
 handling
 use
 transportation and disposal of hazardous materials
 and the health and
safety of our employees. In addition
 some of these laws and regulations require our facilities to operate under permits that are
subject to renewal or modification. These laws
 regulations and permits can often require expensive pollution control equipment
or operational changes to limit actual or potential impacts to the environment. A violation of these laws and regulations or permit
conditions can result in substantial fines
 natural resource damages
 criminal sanctions
 permit revocations and/or facility shutdowns.
In addition
 we have made
 and expect to make
 significant capital expenditures on an ongoing basis to comply with increasingly
stringent environmental laws
 regulations and permits.


 new laws
 new interpretations
of existing laws
 increased governmental enforcement of environmental laws or other developments could require us to make additional
significant expenditures. Continued government and public emphasis on environmental issues can be expected to result in increased
future investments for environmental controls at our production facilities. Present and future environmental laws and regulations
(and interpretations thereof) applicable to our operations
 more vigorous enforcement policies and discovery of currently unknown
conditions may require substantial expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
position.

European biofuel industries are highly
dependent upon a myriad of legislation and regulation and any changes in legislation or regulation could materially and adversely
affect our results of operations and financial position.


laws
 regulations and programs that have led to an increase in the supply and demand for biofuels
 some of which provide significant
economic incentives to biofuel producers and users.&nbsp;&nbsp; These laws
 regulations and programs are constantly changing.&nbsp;&nbsp;
The passage of new European and Maltese energy legislation
 or the revocation or amendment of existing laws
 regulations or programs
related to biofuel and renewable fuels
 could have a significant adverse effect on the biofuel industry in general and our business
specifically. We cannot assure you that any of the laws
 regulations or programs from which our business benefits will continue
in the future or that these laws
 regulations or programs will benefit us or benefit us more than our competitors.&nbsp;&nbsp;
The elimination or reduction of government subsidies and tax incentives could cause the cost of biofuel to increase to the point
where it is not feasible to economically produce and market biofuel
 which could require us to abandon our business plan and cease
operations.

Our competitive position
 financial
position and results of operations may be adversely affected by technological advances.


technologies could result in the processes and procedures that we intend to use at our Malta facility becoming less efficient or
obsolete
 allow our competitors to produce biofuel at a lower cost than us
 or cause the biofuel we produce to be of a lesser quality
than the biofuel produced by our competitors.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also
 any advance in biofuel process technology could make our Malta
facility less competitive
 less efficient or obsolete
 any of which could lower the revenue we would otherwise earn from our product
sales.&nbsp;&nbsp; We do not predict when new technologies may become available
 the rate of acceptance of new technologies by
our competitors or the costs associated with new technologies.&nbsp;&nbsp; In addition
 advances in the development of alternatives
to biofuel could significantly reduce demand or eliminate the need for biofuel.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any advances in technology which require
significant capital expenditures to remain competitive or which reduce demand or prices for biofuel would have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial position.



    
    



Defects in the construction or performance
of the Malta facility could result in a reduction in our revenues and profitability and in the value of your shares.


companies to construct our Malta facility
 we do not believe we will receive any warranties with respect to materials and workmanship
or assurances that the project will be capable of operating at its full design capacity. Defects in the construction or performance
of the plant could occur and there is no assurance that we
 our sub-contractors or anyone else that we contract with to construct
the project would be able to correct all problems that arise.&nbsp;&nbsp; If defects delay the construction or hinder the continued
operation of the Malta facility
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our directors and officers have limited
experience in the construction and operation of a waste biomass to biofuel facility.


experience in raising large amounts of project finance related equity and debt capital
 or building and operating the proposed
Malta waste biomass to biofuel facility.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although we expect to hire additional personnel and enter into agreements
with contractors and consultants to assist us in constructing and operating the facility
 there is no assurance that we will be
able to hire employees or sign agreements satisfactory to us.&nbsp;&nbsp; If our directors and officers are unable or find it difficult
to manage our development and operations successfully
 our ability to succeed as a business and the value of your shares will be
adversely affected.

Our management will be subject to
greater demands and we will incur increased costs as a result of being a public company
 which could affect our profitability and
operating results.&nbsp; Our accounting
 internal audit and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared
for these demands.


governance and financial reporting practices and policies required of a public company.&nbsp;&nbsp; Following the effectiveness
of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part
 we will be a public reporting company in the United States subject
to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the compliance obligations of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. As a public reporting company
 we will incur significant legal
 accounting
 investor relations and other expenses.
These significant expenses could affect our profitability and our results of operations.


annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and a report by our independent
auditors addressing these assessments. These reporting and other obligations will place significant demands on our management
administrative
 operational
 internal audit and accounting resources. We anticipate that we will need to upgrade our systems; implement
additional financial and management controls
 reporting systems and procedures; implement an internal audit function; and hire
additional accounting
 internal audit and finance staff. If we are unable to accomplish these objectives in a timely and effective
fashion
 our ability to comply with our financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies could
be impaired. Any failure to maintain effective internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating
results and stock price.



    
    


We are dependent upon our officers
for management and direction
 and the loss of any of these persons could adversely affect our operations and results.


the successful management of our operations and execution of our business plan. We do not have employment agreements with our officers
or other key personnel.&nbsp;&nbsp; The loss of any of our officers could delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives
which could have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations and financial position.

Competition for qualified personnel
in the biofuel industry is intense and we may be unable to hire and retain qualified managers and other key personnel.


at our Malta facility
 we will need to hire additional employees to manage and operate the plant.&nbsp;&nbsp; Competition to attract
and retain qualified employees is intense in the biofuel industry
 and we expect that competition will continue or increase as
a result of significant growth in the number of companies producing biofuel and other alternative fuels.&nbsp;&nbsp; If we are
unable to attract and retain key personnel
 we may be unable to successfully execute our business plan and our financial condition
and results of operation may be adversely affected.

It may be more difficult for us to
retain or attract officers and directors due to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


in response to public concerns regarding corporate accountability in connection with recent accounting scandals. The stated goals
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to increase corporate responsibility
 to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing
improprieties at publicly traded companies
 and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures
pursuant to the securities laws. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act generally applies to all companies that file or are required to file periodic
reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.&nbsp; The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has led to
a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that significantly increases the responsibilities and potential liabilities of directors
and executive officers. &nbsp; Because of the perceived increased personal risk associated with acting as an executive officer
or director of a public company
 we may be unable
 or it may be significantly more expensive
 to attract and retain qualified executive
officers and directors.

Our directors and officers devote
time to other ventures
 which may adversely impact the time they can devote to our company and its operations.


serve as officers and/or directors of other companies
 and they devote only that portion of their time
 which
 in their judgment
and experience
 is reasonably required for the management and operation of our company and our business.&nbsp;&nbsp; Executive
management may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time
 services and functions among our company and any current
and future ventures in which they are engaged.&nbsp;&nbsp;If our officers and directors are unable to devote adequate time to manage
our operations successfully
 our potential to succeed as a business and the value of your shares may be adversely affected.

Our ability
to operate depends on obtaining adequate financing to build and operate the Facility
 and our ability to grow and compete in the
future will be adversely affected if adequate capital is not available to us or not available on terms favorable to us.


on our ability to build and operate the Facility in Malta. The ability of our business to grow and compete depends on the availability
of adequate capital
 which in turn depends in large part on our cash flow from operations and the availability of equity and debt
financing. We cannot assure you that our cash flow from operations will be sufficient or that we will be able to obtain equity
or debt financing on acceptable terms or at all to implement our growth strategy. We estimate that we will need a minimum of $80-90
million to successfully implement our business plans. As a result
 we cannot assure you that adequate capital will be available
to finance the building and operation of the Facility
 take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures
any of which could harm our business.



    
    


Our future success is dependent
in part
 on the performance and continued service of our Chief Executive Officer.


upon the experience
 abilities and continued services of Serena B. Potash
 our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of services of
any of the management staff could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or results of operation.
We do not intend on taking out key man insurance on Ms. Potash after the Closing Date.

If a public market develops for our common stock
 the
market price may be particularly volatile and you may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your purchase price
 which
may result in substantial losses to you.


 it is likely
to be characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers
 and we expect that our share price will
continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fluctuations in share price could be
based on various factors in addition to those otherwise described in this prospectus
 including:



    
    
    

    
    
The public&rsquo;s reaction to our press releases
 our other public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Actions of our existing shareholders
 including sales of common stock by our directors and executive officers;




    
    




    
    
    

    
    
Other developments affecting us
 our industry or our competitors.



the market price of our common stock
 regardless of our operating performance and financial condition.

The market price of our common stock may decline if a
substantial number of shares of our common stock are sold at once or in large blocks.


If a public market for our shares develops in the future
 many of our shareholders may
 subject only to the volume
 manner of sale
and notice requirements of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 in the case of some shareholders
 desire to sell their shares.
Sales of a substantial number of these shares in the public market
 or the perception that these sales could occur
 could cause
the market price of our common stock to decline. In addition
 the sale of these shares could impair our ability to raise capital
through the sale of additional equity securities.

Future issuance
of our Common Stock could dilute the interests of existing shareholders.


shares of our Common Stock in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of Common Stock could have the effect of substantially
diluting the interests of our shareholders. In addition
 the sale of a substantial amount of Common Stock in the public market
either in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition which received such Common Stock
as consideration or by investors who acquired such Common Stock in a private placement could have an adverse affect on the market
price of our Common Stock.




 we have paid no cash dividends
on our common shares. For the foreseeable future
 earnings generated from our operations will be retained for use in our business
and not to pay dividends.

The application
of the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules to our Common Stock could limit trading activity
in the market
 and our shareholders may find it more difficult to sell their stock.


our Common Stock will be trading at less than $5.00 per share and is therefore subject to the SEC penny stock rules. Penny stocks
generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information
about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and
offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction
 and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. The broker-dealer must also
make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s
written agreement to the transaction. These requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
 if any
in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers
by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities
 which could severely limit their
market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common
Stock and may affect your ability to resell our Common Stock.



    
    


We will
have broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds to the company and may not use them effectively.


will have broad discretion to use the net proceeds to the company for a variety of purposes
 including
&nbsp;further development
of our products and operations
 working capital and general corporate purposes.&nbsp;We may spend or invest these proceeds in a
way with which our shareholders disagree. Failure by our management to effectively use these funds could harm our business and
financial condition. Until the net proceeds are used
 they may be placed in investments that do not yield a favorable return to
our investors
 do not produce significant income or lose value.


internal financial reporting controls and procedures
 it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
 result in the
restatement of our financial statements
 harm our operating results
 subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction
 cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common
Stock.


for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of internal control over financial
reporting
 which is defined as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by our board of directors
 management and other personnel
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.


 we will have significant
additional requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. We will be required to document and test our internal
control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 which requires annual
management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. The process of designing and implementing
effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the
economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate
to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company.


in the future
 identify areas requiring improvement in our internal control over financial reporting. We cannot assure you that
the measures we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be successful or that we will implement and maintain
adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future as we continue our growth. If we are unable to establish
appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures
 it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
result in the restatement of our financial statements
 harm our operating results
 subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for shares
of our Common Stock.


companies of our management team may hinder our ability to comply with Sarbanes-Oxley Act.


 difficult and
costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may
need to hire additional financial reporting
 internal controls and other finance staff or consultants in order to develop and implement
appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures.



    
    


We will incur increased costs as
a public company which may affect our profitability.


 we&nbsp;will incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses that we did not incur
as a private company. We are subject to the SEC&rsquo;s rules and regulations relating to public disclosure. SEC disclosures generally
involve a substantial expenditure of financial resources. Compliance with these rules and regulations&nbsp;will significantly increase
our legal and financial compliance costs and some activities&nbsp;will become more time-consuming and costly.&nbsp; Management
may need to increase compensation for senior executive officers
 engage&nbsp;additional senior financial officers who are able
to adopt financial reporting and control procedures
 allocate a budget for an investor and public relations program
 and increase
our financial and accounting staff in order to meet the demands and financial reporting requirements as a public reporting company.
Such additional personnel
 public relations
 reporting and compliance costs may negatively impact our financial results.






 Monsey NY 10952
Our officers currently work from their homes and the Company does not pay any rent. The mailing address is a private address and
is provided at no cost to the Company. &nbsp;




our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any
court
 public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers
of our company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries
or of our companies or our subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision
could have a material adverse effect.







    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES






Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Markets under the symbol BENH.&nbsp; There has been limited trading in our common stock






 2015 we had 70 shareholders
of our common stock.




 we have not declared
nor paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Our current policy is to retain any earnings in order to finance our operations. Our Board of Directors will determine future declarations
and payments of dividends
 if any
 in light of the then-current conditions it deems relevant and in accordance with applicable
corporate law.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans


plan.


Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Use of Proceeds from Sale of Registered Securities


 2014 the Company entered
into a Share Exchange / Merger Agreement
 between Bio-En Holdings Corp f/k/a Olivia
 Inc a Delaware corporation
 Serena B. Potash
(the Principal Shareholder) and Bio-En Corp
 a Delaware corporation. On August 21
 2014 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;) we filed
a certificate of merger in the State of Delaware whereby Bio-En Corp merged with Bio-En Holdings Corp
 with Bio-En Holdings Corp
the surviving entity.


Merger Agreement and our Chief Executive Officer and Director
 Ms. Potash
 the Agreement provided for; the cancellation by Ms.
Potash of 6
024
625 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock representing 84% of the then outstanding common stock (all of which
shares have been cancelled by the Company and are now included in the Company&rsquo;s pool of authorized but unissued shares.).


all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bio-En Corp at August 21
 2014 were exchanged for 28
980
000 shares of Bio-En Holdings
Corp common stock.


 2014 to
March 31
 2014
 the Company issued 4
409
196 shares of common stock at $0.0001 per share for $441
 for professional services.


 2014 the Company issued 2
548
853
shares of common stock at $0.0001 per share for $255
 as consideration to purchase license rights to develop and use patented intellectual
property as described in note 3.


 2014
and March 31
 2014 the Company issued 23
041
951 shares of common stock to related parties at $0.0001 per share for $2
304 to related
parties for services.




restricted shares of its common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;They were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;). These shares of our common stock qualified for exemption under Section 4(2) of
the Securities Act of 1933 since the issuance shares by us did not involve a public offering.&nbsp;&nbsp;The offering was not a
&ldquo;public offering&rdquo; as defined in Section 4(2) due to the insubstantial number of persons involved in the deal
 size
of the offering
 manner of the offering and number of shares offered.&nbsp;&nbsp;We did not undertake an offering in which we sold
a high number of shares to a high number of investors.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 this shareholder had the necessary investment intent
as required by Section 4(2) since they agreed to and received share certificates bearing a legend stating that such shares are
restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the 1933 Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these shares would not be immediately
redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a &ldquo;public offering.&rdquo; Based on an analysis of the above factors
we have met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for these transactions






required by this item.




    
    


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations
and financial condition of Bio-En Holdings Corp. for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2014 should be read in conjunction with
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual
Report. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties
such as our plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors
 including those set forth under the Cautionary
Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Business sections in this Annual Report. We use words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;continuing
&rdquo; &ldquo;ongoing
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo;
and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements.





laws of the State of Delaware on August 2
 2011 as Olivia
 Inc. On March 27
 2014
 the Company filed with the State of Delaware
a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company&rsquo;s name from Olivia
 Inc. to Bio-En Holdings
Corp.


laws of the State of Delaware on January 6
 2014. The Company is in the development stage and is devoting substantially all of
its efforts to the development of its business plan. The Company intends to be a world leader of setting the standard for waste
to bio-fuel technologies. The Company intends to plan
 design
 and execute agreements to build
 operate and maintain a bio-mass
to energy facility on the island of Malta
 which is contingent on sufficient capital funding of at least $80-90 million. &nbsp;The
Company&rsquo;s fiscal year-end is December  31.






with Applied Biofuels (Malta) Limited whereby all assets of Applied Biofuels (Malta) Limited shall be transferred to a new subsidiary
(&ldquo;Newco&rdquo;)
 to be incorporated in Malta
 which will be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As of the date of this
Report
 no such formal agreement has been finalized. Company
 is a project and plant development company in the business of producing
and selling ethanol and butanol made from municipal solid waste and other cellulosic fiber.


 designed
 engineered and
signed agreements to build and operate a facility using Gravity Pressure Vessel Technology in Weak Acid Hydrolysis to convert Biomass
to Ethanol (&ldquo;Facility&rdquo;). As of the date of this Report
 no such formal agreements have been finalized. The Facility
will be built on the Island of Malta and is anticipated be fully operational by the end of the 4th quarter of 2016.


from the waste management industry and integrate the recycling of waste
 control of carbon dioxide and other emissions
 with the
profitable production of fuel grade Ethanol.



For the year ended December 31
 2014



6
 2014 (Inception) through December 31
 2014.



ended December 31
 2014 were $226
681
 resulting in a net loss of $226
681 for the same period. Our operating expenses consist
of general and administrative expenses comprised mainly of consulting
 accounting and legal expenses.






statements
 the Company had a net loss of $226
681 as of December 31
 2014
 and a working capital deficit of $367
408 and stockholders&rsquo;
deficit of $102
515 at December 31
 2014. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as
a going concern.


 2014 we had total assets
of $266
391
 total liabilities of $368
906
 and stockholders&rsquo; deficit of $102
515.




during the year ended December 31
 2014 was $20
760.



    
    





cash provided by financing activities in the year ended December 31
 2014 was $22
258. The net increase in cash provided by financing
activities in 2014 resulted primarily from proceeds from a related party loan.



its operations is dependent on Management's plans
 which may include the raising of capital through debt and/or equity markets
with some additional funding from other traditional financing sources
 which may include term notes
 until such time that funds
provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The Company may need to incur liabilities with certain
related parties to sustain the Company&rsquo;s existence.


to finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well as to achieve its strategic objectives. There can be
no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
 if at all.








a material effect on our results of operations.





principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may
exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a
straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
may not be recoverable.



Accounting Standards Codification (&quot;ASC&quot;) 310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&rdquo;
the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite
lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment
loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset.


    
    




or $330
000. Royalties are payable within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. The first minimum royalty payment of
$330
000 (including of VAT) is due 30 days after the first anniversary following the Company receiving initial project development
funding
 client contract or initiation of engineering and shall be due annually thereafter. Royalties are expensed in the statements
of operation in the period that the related revenues are recognized
 in cost of sales.



payments in accordance with ASC 718 &ldquo;Share-based payments&quot;. Under fair value recognition provisions
 the Company recognizes
equity&ndash;based compensation net of an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizes compensation cost only for those shares expected
to vest over the requisite service period of the award.


 including grants of employee
stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized
over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service
period (usually the vesting period).


non&ndash;employees in accordance with ASC 505
 &ldquo;Equity Based Payments to Non&ndash;Employees&rdquo;. The Company determines
the fair value of the stock&ndash;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the
equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used
 it
is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which a commitment
for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached
 or (2) the date at which the counterparty&rsquo;s
performance is complete.




 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;)
issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No. 2014-10&mdash;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of
Certain Financial Reporting Requirements
 Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation.
ASU 2014-10 eliminates several of the reporting requirements for development stage entities
 including the requirement to present
inception to date information in the statements of income
 cash flows
 and shareholder equity
 and to label the financial statements
as those of a development stage entity. ASU 2014-10 also clarifies that the guidance in ASC Topic 275 Risks and Uncertainties
is applicable to entities that have not commenced principal operations
 and eliminates an exception to the sufficiency-of-equity
risk criterion for development stage entities
 and will require all reporting entities that have an interest in development stage
enterprises to apply consistent consolidation guidance for variable interest entities. ASU 2014-10 is effective for all annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. The Company has elected to early adopt these
amendments and accordingly has not labelled the financial statements as those of a development stage entity and has not presented
inception-to-date information on the respective financial statements.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK




    
    






For the year ended December 31
 2014



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2014
    

    
    

Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2014
    

    
    

Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the year ended December 31
 2014
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31
 2014
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF&nbsp;THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM





Corp (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2014 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo;
deficit and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were
we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal
control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for
the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above present
fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Bio-En Holdings Corp as of December 31
 2014 and the results of its
operations and cash flows for the period described above in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.


that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements
 the Company has not established
any source of revenue to cover its operating costs. As of December 31
 2014
 the Company does not have sufficient working capital
and cash resources to meet its planned business objectives. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 2 to the financial
statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



Jerusalem
 Israel

April 5
 2015



    
    








    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
498

    
1
498

    
    


 net
264
893

    
    

    
266
391

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
53
353

    
7
500

    
28
392

    
279
661

    
368
906

    
    

    
    


000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    


 $0.0001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 32
350
003 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2014
3
235

    
120
931

    
(226
681

    
(102
515

    
    

    
266
391




statements.


    
    







    
    

    



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
226
681

    
    

    
(226
681

    
    

    
(226
681

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
30
481
838



statements.


    
    




for the year ended December 31
 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014
    
    
9
394
604
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(6
024
601
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
133
454
    
133
454

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
980
000
2
898
(12
348
    
(9
450

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(226
681
(226
681

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014
    
    
32
350
003
3
235
120
931
(226
681
(102
515



statements.


    
    







    
    

    

 

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
(226
681

    
    

    
    

    
15
023

    
    

    
2
304

    
133
454

    
    

    
    

    
47
199

    
7
500

    
    

    
(20
760

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
22
198

    
22
258

    
    

    
1
498

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
498

    
    

    
    

    
    



statements.


    
    





NOTE 1 &ndash; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND
BASIS OF PRESENTATION


is a Delaware company (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 2
 2011. The
Company intends to be a world leader of setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel technologies. The Company is planning
 designing
and executing agreements to build
 operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta
 contingent on funding.


 2014
 the Company
filed with the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company&rsquo;s name
from Olivia
 Inc. to Bio-En Holdings Corp.


 2014
 Bio-En Corp merged
with
 and into Bio-En Holdings Corp (formerly Olivia Inc); with Bio-En Corp being the surviving entity of the merger and changing
its name to Bio-En Holdings Corp. This transaction closed on September 10
 2014; each issued and outstanding share of common stock
of Bio En Corp
 was converted into one share of common stock in Bio-En Holding Corp.



Agreement resulted in a change of control. The Share Exchange was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization
 with
Bio En Corp regarded as the accounting acquirer
 since Bio En Corp Shareholders collectively beneficially owned approximately 89.6%
of the Common Stock immediately after the Exchange.




on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;).


in US dollars.



end of December 31.


The principal accounting policies are
set out below
 these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented
 unless otherwise stated:



that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities
in the normal course of business. As at December 31
 2014
 the Company has a working capital deficit of $367
408
 a net loss of
$226
681 and has not earned any revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through equity
financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash requirements
for the year ending December 31
 2015.


upon
 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and development of its business plan. In response
to these problems
 management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings.


    
    



 among others
 raise substantial doubt about the
Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



to rapid change. The Company's operations will be subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
technological
 regulatory and other risks
 including the potential of business failure.



is not presented.



of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&quot;FDIC&quot;) up to $250
000.

Property
 Plant and Equipment

 plant and equipment.



amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may
exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a
straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
may not be recoverable.



Accounting Standards Codification (&quot;ASC&quot;) 310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&rdquo;
the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite
lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment
loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset.


    
    




cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the end of the financial year that are unpaid
and arise when the Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services.



or $330
000. Royalties are payable within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. The first minimum royalty payment of
$330
000 (including of VAT) is due 30 days after the first anniversary following the Company receiving initial project development
funding
 client contract or initiation of engineering and shall be due annually thereafter. Royalties are expensed in the statements
of operation in the period that the related revenues are recognized
 in cost of sales.



payments in accordance with ASC 718 &ldquo;Share-based payments&quot;. Under fair value recognition provisions
 the Company recognizes
equity&ndash;based compensation net of an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizes compensation cost only for those shares expected
to vest over the requisite service period of the award.


 including grants of employee
stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized
over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service
period (usually the vesting period).


non&ndash;employees in accordance with ASC 505
 &ldquo;Equity Based Payments to Non&ndash;Employees&rdquo;. The Company determines
the fair value of the stock&ndash;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the
equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used
 it
is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which a commitment
for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached
 or (2) the date at which the counterparty&rsquo;s
performance is complete.



260
 &quot;Earnings Per Share&quot; ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;)
on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders
of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting
the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects
of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise convertible compensation to employees.


 7
500 on December 31
 2014
were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share on the statement of operations due to the fact that the Company
reported a net loss in 2014 and to do so would be anti-dilutive.


    
    




Topic 740-10-25 (&ldquo;ASC 740-10-25&rdquo;). Under ASC 740-10-25
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25
 the effect
on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment
date.



on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which represents the amount that
would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between
market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on
either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.


fair value:

for identical instruments;

prices in active markets for similar instruments);

in determining the fair value of certain investments).



 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;)
issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No. 2014-10&mdash;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of
Certain Financial Reporting Requirements
 Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation.
ASU 2014-10 eliminates several of the reporting requirements for development stage entities
 including the requirement to present
inception to date information in the statements of income
 cash flows
 and shareholder equity
 and to label the financial statements
as those of a development stage entity. ASU 2014-10 also clarifies that the guidance in ASC Topic 275 Risks and Uncertainties
is applicable to entities that have not commenced principal operations
 and eliminates an exception to the sufficiency-of-equity
risk criterion for development stage entities
 and will require all reporting entities that have an interest in development stage
enterprises to apply consistent consolidation guidance for variable interest entities. ASU 2014-10 is effective for all annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 with early adoption permitted. The Company has elected to early adopt these
amendments and accordingly has not labelled the financial statements as those of a development stage entity and has not presented
inception-to-date information on the respective financial statements.


    
    



 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15 &ldquo;Preparation
of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as
a Going Concern.&rdquo; ASU 2014-15 is intended to define management&rsquo;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial
doubt about an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Specifically
ASU 2014-15 provides a definition of the term substantial doubt and requires an assessment for a period of one year after the date
that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). It also requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt
is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&rsquo;s plans and requires an express statement and other disclosures
when substantial doubt is not alleviated. The new standard will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
2016
 with early adoption permitted. The Company will evaluate the going concern considerations in this ASU
 however
 at the current
period
 management does not believe that it has met conditions which would subject these financial statements for additional disclosure.

NOTE 3 &ndash; PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET


of December 31
 2014. Intangible assets include costs of the initial license to use patented technologies in Malta
 related to
the conversion of cellulose materials into energy producing Ethanol.



    

&nbsp;2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
279
916
(15
023
264
893
    

    
279
916
(15
023
264
893
    



 2014
 the Company entered into an Exclusive License
Agreement in Malta for the acquisition of the rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into energy producing
Ethanol. The purchase price includes; a partial initial payment of 10% of the common stock of the Company and $330
000 (including
VAT) payable in cash.



 2014
the Company performed an impairment review of its intangible asset. Undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the
asset were compared to the carrying value of the asset. The undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset were
greater than the carrying value of the asset
 and as a result no impairment was recorded during the year ended December 31
 2014.



    
    


Amortization
expense related to the purchased intangible assets was $15
023 during 2014. The estimated future amortization expense of purchased
intangible assets as of December 31
 2013
 is as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
19
376

    
19
376

    
19
376

    
19
376

    
19
376

    
168
013

    
264
893


NOTE
4 &ndash; LOAN FROM RELATED PARTY



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
28
392


The
above loan is unsecured
 bears no interest and has no set terms of repayment. This loan is repayable on demand.

NOTE
5 &ndash; OTHER PAYABLE - RELATED PARTY




    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
279
661
    




The
above payable arose from the acquisition of License Rights purchase from GeneSyst International
 Inc a Delaware Corporation and
licensor of exclusive rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into energy producing Ethanol. The above loan
is unsecured
 bears no interest and is repayable once the Company has raised $10
000
000.





 2014 the Company entered into a Share Exchange
/ Merger Agreement
 between Bio-En Holdings Corp f/k/a Olivia
 Inc a Delaware corporation
 Serena B. Potash (the Principal Shareholder)
and Bio-En Corp
 a Delaware corporation. On August 21
 2014 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;) we filed a certificate of merger in
the State of Delaware whereby Bio-En Corp merged with Bio-En Holdings Corp
 with Bio-En Holdings Corp the surviving entity.


    
    



our Chief Executive Officer and Director
 Ms. Potash
 the Agreement provided for; the cancellation by Ms. Potash of 6
024
625 shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock representing 84% of the then outstanding common stock (all of which shares have been cancelled
by the Company and are now included in the Company&rsquo;s pool of authorized but unissued shares.).


 all of the issued and
outstanding shares of Bio-En Corp at August 21
 2014 were exchanged for 28
980
000 shares of Bio-En Holdings Corp common stock.



 2014 to March 31
 2014
 the Company
issued 4
409
196 shares of common stock at $0.0001 per share for $441
 for professional services.


 2014 the Company issued 2
548
853 shares of common
stock at $0.0001 per share for $255
 as consideration to purchase license rights to develop and use patented intellectual property
as described in note 3.


 2014 and March 31
 2014 the
Company issued 23
041
951 shares of common stock to related parties at $0.0001 per share for $2
304 to related parties for services.



 2014
 an officer of the Company
paid operating expenses on behalf of the Company totaling $133
454
 which was treated as contributed capital.



 2014
 the Company entered into a Share Exchange
and Merger Agreement with Bio-En Holdings Corp
 a Delaware Corporation. Pursuant to the agreement the principal shareholder of
Bio-En Holdings Corp owning an aggregate of 7
894
625 shares of Bio-En Holding Corp common stock
 agreed to cancel 6
024
601 of
their shares. All cancelled shares of common stock were returned to the Company&rsquo;s pool of authorized but unissued shares.




December 31
 2014 differs from the amount which would be expected as a result of applying the statutory tax rates to the losses
before income taxes due primarily to changes in the valuation allowance to fully reserve net deferred tax assets.


future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to be available to
reduce taxable income.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
(226
681

    
    

    
77
072

    
77
072

    
(77
072

    
    



    
    



amount of the deferred tax asset due to management&rsquo;s uncertainty about its realization. As of December 31
 2014
 the Company
had approximately $226
681 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income
 and expire by
the year 2033.




are disclosed below:

The following entities have been identified as related parties
:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    
    31

    
    

    
    

The following transactions were carried
    out with related parties:
    

    
    

Balance
    sheet:
    

Loan
    from related party - director
28
392

From time to
    time
 the president and stockholder of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These
    advances bear no interest and are due on demand.
    

    
    

Accounts
    payable - Directors
7
500

On December 1
    2014
 the Company entered into a director service agreement. With Serena B. Potash
 Chairman of the Board/Director
 Geoffrey
    McLaren
 Director and Joseph Micalle
 Director.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company will pay each Director $30
000 per calendar year
 payable
    in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors taking quarterly fee in cash
 the Corporation
    may
 at the election of the Directors
 pay the Directors in shares of the common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion price of
    each issuance is calculated by the average of the closing prices per share of the Corporations&rsquo; common stock on the
    five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding end of the calendar quarter discounted by 30%.
    

    
    

For the year
    ended December 31
 2014
 no shares were issued and the Company recorded accrued compensation of $7
500 for the month of December
    for three Directors at $2
500 each.
    

    
    

Other
    payable - GeneSyst
279
661

On March 23
    2014 the Company purchased license rights from GeneSyst International Inc for $330
000
 more fully described in note 5.
    

    
    

Income
    Statement:
    

Compensation
    expense - Directors
7
500

Directors' compensation
    expense consists of monthly salary of $2
500 per director.
    



    
    





of common stock with a fair value of $255. Issuance was in accordance with the Company's Exclusive License Agreement in Malta
which included an initial partial payment equal to 10% of the Company's common stock.





on March 23
 2014 with GeneSyst International Inc
 to provide Technical Support Services in the field of gravity pressure vessel
application and related matters.



to work as its independent contractor for a minimum annual retainer fee of $150
000. Consulting services commence upon the successful
raising of $10
000
000 and commencement of construction of a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta.





 Company
management reviewed all material events through the date of this report and determined that there are no additional material subsequent
events to report.


    
    


ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE








the controls and other procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by
the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the issuer&rsquo;s management
 including the principal executive and principal financial officer
 or persons
performing similar functions
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Any controls and procedures
no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.


 under
the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of the end of the fiscal
year covered by this Annual Report.


 our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(b) Management&rsquo;s Annual Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This annual report does not include a report
of management's assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting due to a transition period established by rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies.

(c) Change in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting


internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our fourth
fiscal quarter
 that could materially affect
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial
reporting.






    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    



our directors
 executive officers and key employees; and all positions and offices held as of the date of this Report. The directors
will hold such office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
President
 Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    







and business experience during the past five years for our officers
 directors and key employees as of the date of this Report:




Serena B. Potash
 59
 President and
Chairman of the Board of Directors


of the Board of Directors of the Company. She has over 25 years&rsquo; experience as a business consultant. She was cofounder of JIF
an investment/development advisory service with links to venture capitalist groups
 investment bankers
 underwriters and other
business service providers. Ms. Potash focuses on existing and new Bio-tech companies
 assisting them with commercialization issues
business and marketing strategies
 company structuring and management staffing.

Bruce Minsky
 51
 Corporate Secretary




 Company&rsquo;s Corporate
Secretary
 is a graduate of Boston University (B.A.
 1985)
 Southwestern University School of Law (J.D.
 1988)
 and Boston University
&ndash; Morin Center for Banking Law Studies (LLM in American Banking
 1989). Mr. Minsky is the managing partner of Law Offices
of Bruce W. Minsky
 P.C.
 a private law firm specializing in individual business/in-house legal counseling. Prior to the Law Offices
of Bruce W. Minsky
 P.C.
 Mr. Minsky was Vice-President/House Counsel for Banco Popular North America
 a multi-billion dollar domestic
bank
 from 1991 to 2004
 and a trial/litigation/appellate associate of business matters at Quirk &amp; Bakalor
 P.C. from 1989
to 2001. Mr. Minsky has years of experience in the gamut of legal services ranging from Consumer/Commercial finance products/services
Corporate Governance
 Real Estate
 Business/Portfolio transactions
 as well as acquisitions matters
 to Advertising
 Technology
Marketing
 Labor
 SEC
 Finance and Tax scenarios
 along with an array of Operational
 Compliance and Regulatory oversights. Mr.
Minsky is currently a Trustee of the Village of New Hempstead
 a board member of Kehillat New Hempstead
 and board member of ASHAR.&nbsp;

Peter Hurrell
 65
 Vice President


of Directors of the Company. He has profound Civil Engineering and Construction experience devoted to Waste Water Treatment
 Sewage
Sludge Treatment Design and Construction works. Over the last five years
 Mr. Hurrel has been employed by Genesis International.
He has worked in Bahrain
 Dubai
 UK
 Ireland and Malta and is technical Advisor in the Far East on proposals for treating sludge
and municipal wastes for Pacific Rim countries. As the Technical Director Peter brings the skills and experience from working in
a similar process facility for Sludge Treatment in Apeldoorn in the Netherlands. He has developed major interests in Non-Adversarial
Contractual Relationships and Value Management and Engineering and Sustainable Construction.


    
    


Geoffrey Maclaran
 64
 Director


of Directors of the Company. Mr. Maclaran worked as a Senior Engineer for Monk &amp; Company and a Project Manager for Daniel Pipelines.
He was Project Manager OBG Limited as a Contracts Director and Managing Director for Maclaran Construction and Maclaran Services.
He is Managing Director of ReUse Limited and a Director for Peel Facilities. Peel with ReUse
 offers to share with Developers or
Commercial Businesses
 from onsite effluent treatment for the reuse of grey water to sourcing alternative &ldquo;environmentally
friendly&rdquo; energy from waste to power or BioEthanol to maximize on site services assets that are non-carbon emitting. Mr.
McLaren has helped the company redefine its approach to the European Union and its Programmes and Procedures for development in
Converting Biomass derived from Wastes and Non-Food sources to Ethanol. Mr. McLaren has been employed by Genesis UK for the past
five years.

Joseph Micallef
 59
 Director


 a member of the Board
of Directors of the Company
 is based in Malta and has over 25 years of Senior Projects Management experience including Chairman
of Research &amp; Business with a major construction company. He has also served a term as President of the Federation of Building
Contractors. Apart from local contracts
 Mr. Micallef has worked overseas on major projects from Libya to Saudi Arabia and Iraq.
For the past five years
 he has been the general manager of ATTRD Construction Company.





committees.





between any director
 executive officer of the Company
 and any person contemplated to become such.




have any member who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. We believe that the cost related to retaining such a financial
expert at this time is prohibitive. Further
 because we are in the start-up stage of our business operations
 we believe the services
of an audit committee financial expert are not warranted at this time.


    
    





 nominee for Directors
or officers has appeared as a party during the past ten years in any legal proceedings that may bear on his ability or integrity
to serve as a Director or officer of the Company.




executive officer and Board chairman positions. The Company believes that this Board leadership structure is the most appropriate
for the Company for the following reasons. First
 the Company is a development stage company and at this early stage it is more
efficient to have the leadership of the Board in the same hands as the principal executive officer of the Company. The challenges
faced by the Company at this stage &ndash; obtaining financing and performing research and development activities &ndash; are most
efficiently dealt with by having one person intimately familiar with both the operational aspects as well as the strategic aspects
of the Company&rsquo;s business.





committee comprised of independent Directors
 the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by
our Board of Directors. Thus
 there is a potential conflict of interest in that our Directors have the authority to determine issues
concerning management compensation
 in essence their own
 and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware
of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executives or Directors.




the risks faced by the Company. These risks include financial
 technological
 competitive
 and operational risks. The Board dedicates
time at each of its meetings to review and consider the relevant risks faced by the Company at that time. In addition
 since the
Company does not have an Audit Committee
 the Board is also responsible for the assessment and oversight of the Company&rsquo;s
financial risk exposures.






table shows for the period ended December 31
 2014
 the compensation awarded (earned) or paid by the Company to its named executive
officers or acting in a similar capacity as that term is defined in Item 402(a)(2) of Regulation S-K. There are no understandings
or agreements regarding compensation that our management will receive after a business combination that is required to be included
in this table
 or otherwise.



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Serena B. Potash
 President
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Bruce Minsky
 Secretary
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Peter Hurrell
 Vice President
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
 &nbsp;&nbsp;Company was incorporated on January 6
 2014.


Employment
Agreements



 there has
not been any material plan
 contract or arrangement (whether or not written) to which any of our officers are a party in connection
with their appointments as officers of the Company.





shares set aside for any stock option plan.

We have
not paid
 nor do we owe
 any compensation to our executive officers for the year ending December 31
 2014. From inception through
December 31
 2014
 we have not paid any compensation to our officers.


 2014
 we had no employment
agreements with any of our executive officers or employees.




plan. No individual grants of stock options
 whether or not in tandem with stock appreciation rights known as SARs or freestanding
SARs have been made to any executive officer or any Director since our inception; accordingly
 no stock options have been granted
or exercised by any of the officers or Directors since we were founded.


    
    





plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. No individual grants or agreements regarding future
payouts under non-stock price-based plans have been made to any executive officer or any Director or any employee or consultant
since our inception; accordingly
 no future payouts under non-stock price-based plans or agreements have been granted or entered
into or exercised by any of the officers or Directors or employees or consultants since we were founded.





 2014
 the Company entered
into a director service agreement with Serena B. Potash
 Geoffrey Maclaran and Joseph Micallef. The Company will pay each director
$30
000 per calendar year
 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors receiving
quarterly fees in cash
 the Company may
 at the election of the Directors
 pay the Directors in shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock. The conversion price of each issuance is calculated by the average of the closing price per share of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock on the five consecutive days trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding end of the quarter discounted
by 30%.


Employment Contracts
 Termination of
Employment
 Change-in-Control Arrangements




 2014
 there were no
employment or other contracts or arrangements with officers. There are no compensation plans or arrangements
 including payments
to be made by us
 with respect to our officers or consultants that would result from the resignation
 retirement or any other termination
of such officers or consultants from us. There are no arrangements for officers
 employees or consultants that would result from
a change-in-control.



ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS





    
    




information as of the date hereof with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares
 the sole outstanding class of
our voting securities
 by (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of the outstanding ordinary shares
of the Company
 (ii) each executive officer and director

ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or
investment power with respect to securities. ordinary shares subject to options
 warrants or convertible securities exercisable
or convertible within 60 days as of the date hereof are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person or entity
holding such options
 warrants or convertible securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other
person and is based on shares issued and outstanding as of March 31
 2015.


and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of the date of our registration
statement
 of which this prospectus is a part
 and by the officers and directors
 individually and as a group. Except as otherwise
indicated
 all shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to
the shares shown.




    
    
    


    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
424
118
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
548
853
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
294
118
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
563
740
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
563
740
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
563
740
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Unless otherwise noted
 the address of each beneficial owner is c/o 56 Main Street
 Monsey NY 10952.

    
    
Applicable percentages are based on 32
350
003 shares outstanding as of April 8
 2015
 adjusted as required
by rules of the SEC. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment
power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options
 warrants and convertible notes currently exercisable
or convertible
 or exercisable or convertible within 60 days are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person
holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated
in the footnotes to this table
 the Company believes that each of the shareholders named in the table has sole voting and investment
power with respect to the shares of common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them.

    
    
    

    
    
Genesyst International Inc. has 2
262
657 shares outstanding. Of these
 727
040 are held by Eau-Viron
 Inc.
 474
541 shares are held by James A. Titmas
 149
504 shares are held by Susan Tomchi
 and 106
386 are held by David Shriber.

    
    
Includes: (1) 1
870
000 shares of Common Stock held by Serena B. Potash; and (2) 4
424
118 shares held by Applied Bio-Fuels Limited.



    
    





arrangement the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our Company







ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.


 since the beginning
of the fiscal year preceding the last fiscal year none of the following persons has had any direct or indirect material interest
in any transaction to which our Company was or is a party
 or in any proposed transaction to which our Company proposes to be a
party:



    
    




    
    




    
any person who beneficially owns
 directly or indirectly
 shares carrying more than 5 percent of the voting rights attached to our common stock; or




    


        (including a spouse
 parents
 children
 siblings
 and in-laws).
        

 2014
 Company closed on a merger and share exchange agreement
 dated August 21
 2014
 by
and among (i) the Company
 (ii) Bio-En Corp.
 a Delaware corporation
 (&ldquo;BEC&rdquo;) and (iii) Serena B. Potash. Ms. Potash
is an officer and director of BEC. Prior to the merger
 Ms. Potash
 a then officer and director
 was the majority shareholder of
Company. Prior to the Merger
 Ms. Potash was also an officer
 sole director
 and a shareholder of Company. Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement
 BEC merged with and into Company
 with Company to continue as the surviving corporation in the Merger
 and Company succeeding
to and assuming all the rights
 assets
 liabilities
 debts
 and obligations of Bio-En. Ms. Potash continues to be an officer
 director
and shareholder of BEC.
        

 2104
 an
        officer of the Company paid operating expenses on behalf of the Company totaling $133
454
 which was treated as contributed capital



    
    





of any national securities exchange or national securities association and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to have
our board comprised of a majority of &ldquo;independent Directors.&rdquo; We do not believe that either of our directors currently
meets the definition of &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as promulgated by the rules and regulations of NASDAQ.






for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our financial statements and review of financial
statements included in our quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows:



    
    
    
31
&nbsp;

    

    
    
    
7
450
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





    
For the year ended December 31
 2014
 principal accountants of the Company were Dov Weinstein &amp; Co. (CPA (Isr).



year ended December 31
 2013
 there were no fees billed for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Item 9(e)(1)
of Schedule 14A
 for professional services rendered by the principal account for tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning
for products and services provided by the principal accountant
 other than the services reported in Item 9(e)(1) through 9(d)(3)
of Schedule 14A.

Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors


as the limited activities of our Company
 our Board of Directors acts as our Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves all audit
and permissible non-audit services. These services may include audit services
 audit-related services
 tax services
 and other
services. Our Board approves these services on a case-by-case basis.


    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.










    

    
    

    
    
Merger Agreement
 dated August 21
 2014 by and among Bio-En Holdings Corp
 Bio-En Corp.
 and Serena B. Potash
 (1)

    
    
Certificate of Incorporation of Bio-En Holdings Corp. (f/k/a Olivia
 Inc.) (2)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of Bio-En Holdings Corp
 filed April 1
 2014. (1).

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of the
    Certificate of Incorporation of Bio-En Holdings Corp.
 filed August 5
 2014. (1)

    
    
    


    
    
Cancellation Agreement
 dated August 20
 2014 by and between Bio-En Holdings Corp and Serena B. Potash (1)

    
    
License Agreement and independent contractor agreement
 dated March 23
 2014
 by and between Bio-En Corp and
GeneSyst International
 Inc. (1)

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




Incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Form 8-k
filed with the SEC on September 11



Incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Registration
Statement on Form s-1 filed with the SEC on February 13





Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections&nbsp;11
or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of Section&nbsp;18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.


    
    





13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.




        
        

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Title: President
 (Duly authorized. Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
    

    

Dated: April 13
 2015
    



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
 Title: President
 (Duly authorized. Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 Chairman
of the Board of Directors)
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
Dated: April 13
 2015
    
    
    






        
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Dated: April 13
 2015
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Dated: April 13
 2015
    




    












begin 644 tpg10.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@!E`&)`P$1``(1`0
1`?_$`/$````%!0$!````````
M``````

M`0


M5?_:``P#`0`$0,1`#\`]_&!K`A!%U()'D2/'P_)@0K=Y/\J_JP(5=Y/\J_
MJP(5=Y/\J_JP(5=Y/\J_JP(5=Y/\J_JP(5=Y/\J_JP(5=Y/\J_JP(5=Y/\J_
MJP(5=Y/\J_JP(5=Y/E_/^K`A5WD_RK^K`A5WD_RK^K`A5WD_RK^K`A5WD_RK

MWD_RK^K`A5WD_P`J_JP(5=Y/\J_JP(5=Y/E_/^K`A5WD_P`J_JP(5BK5F/'_


-N(GMCDE#3@T:3T.77Y9W=Y?:


M5)*@

M-K4H`#H



MWR5NB\S9U\X[B0KTY&VMQ_9EGOW.7
;@IE-WJ8EDJ0TI1`)H13!@CA]:=.Z^
(KW:9:=PJDV^-`N#D=.\$H5#!
M3:G0FH6?33QPBB3D;(YD]R%VYXN'FY=E6&/'VU;T[AO_(

MH


$W_`!M^(1S3O2Q\HS;MPY'9
MO/'^R6]VV):47@QKQ/D3C&;M#Y?;2IQYN']HI('QP(1O9'XAO)5\V;N7=.[







M25K6D`DIT@98^=\[Y1Y8S+


U-!4I

TQM8S';P_\`=J.Y9S*'4;O\6E:C?IJ^1*FY.3?:
MIL!S;]PW)N2UVU&XXR9FWY[KSJX







M`FFG04]$@=/#`A6^ZXP4KAQ7$^I*4NQF5A*%#24H2INB4J'4#(X$+,VVIO

=M3B0





MB5BB04D#RI@2;SMI68B11TC1P,S0,M@5)*BJ@3345&I/6N!(K?*L:BOMJU
W;$X$)=MD!U+;RY$NQH[J4/N#2XZD.-J`


M/Z?L6PIHZ6_2
W;#:I'S-NM-

M*N6[`Y
=R/:WMU;/W!8H4J
U(N
?,GM.QH+ULBU4'.X\Z`I2PE)J

MK
WB:UX(KNM-=M#0X5]0I?L_YKC\2;.XVL&V]HVV9




']_/-CIN4WV[)7;VX<*]%-JX^WA;\8'4!Q2EM5(3=8


MBD&E0#3I\



HY9?EPG8UC




M'F$]V
6X+S57T=PT2D'/ICRKO4SS)

?^L]H_P#O




36B&'+G%8

MHADV'S*XY9XM4

#9SA5(8GC#%5_%CB].1Y%V4KX_O/9Q




`RTN'LCI3LQ?*\JTS.KN(0QRD0@



M
4J(?$B%6!K`A5@0JP(58$*L%6!K`A5@0JP(58$*L%6!K`A6.!(31)


P?#E+
MP8]BL[=)@=2TW(N39AJ<-QFF@J
Q5\CZ#A?ARC@Q[$I)GW$/-@W2Z*;6!TN

HFW5;JFU72Z-M`$A\W&90FF5!WZ9XU





$



M!.`J3E]-/



MN+*;4F1.9#-`RM;B=*NI.*G





&69CN`EI+NI3
S2PDD+&O&!VHVGWM^UY:24\P[4*AU
M3\RNJ?@:HZX499F%:;AIU*62ZA:VK'`E9



!L+T:&D^)+\1;?3'E0_P#IF^V'MM.'FG9*
M4OG2T57$@*/E]3(X3X#

5MG2ML7/U
M))&K.J.NDX/N_


M^`S#Z)\B3XRU^D/*LO\`3(]LO_ODV;4UR^\!7T]?V
+]WYC7LGR*-U_:MTN'

M\O$2Q6OD_:\J[70(T`S+#CLIU9HVE%`*:SD
6'V

M#RJ1#
GOH0XD^E8!%!D`:YG,@GIBE0!Q;KC8\2R;OY*)RR2ZP?ZKFK_M6U

MNJFC0TPZE20-2M1%:9TJ16N6'\)B3%;%;0I*4)?:)*`9YD?IJ3A#RATZ$5

M:P?4#4BOF$@T`SQ*)#NT%*(#Y2-(1?Y9XJ-$(0V
PD






6);L_W

M.5





-/<@66?/9BAAEQ0N+))8U-]GN/(*1F`:GSQ79+9O




CO15Q*A,IQ.AD_MAQ+_`

XQM[5W;E



W
4K13


MI`13+&)F1C
Y-NRGFVXU^L[[JW0AIMFX1W5N



T

7;\5CLANSV1HB+;Y#
MC8]:V@DG%YG96!F?:'4NO_


M#SYRT


'




Y;[
MW`6]:[?*N/97(!T_


2^5J3[HOOH^GU(@

M6H_#][]'T^I&T^]_:[#;J%;)E-);8;?)L3CKZDQ\V&ZN6Y7V3.93Y$G%F6

:WR8JXJVE5J.U`3K

FQF1$ER









(
M*=5I6:]


M&&XK5S9&NLUNWQG+I9F=NAK=NT@TTVF6XA@-N


M;J5GCND]NF)2NWM.*4V7VARNI2%44!3*N0KBY+UC:@E+Q#T(:)$2PUVP








MY-ET+-^&

YDS

MOS./W\GZQ4\(:_MVT0_1*(CBVQ.RWXS'[NN.L5K2WPM!IX%01U^C$D6=YJY]


8V^0(*X\3P$2DHBC;S3_`
P&BI
&&$EE0H4
MA%2#]&


IH[J9K&R1N!%*UP
MZ\5586V6];VS&N#\
1MZEJ;5OM#C_:F6:V&077E./HA

MM4%M]6_[QWVH;#]#\]`.;24@%/;%
L?2?]O_

MM2O

HJ[#!?/2

#R#KH-/J47?_\`IQ[-77%-OV2]#2HI)&PF
MLR#0FA8KX8NP9_:N]@O]I;\_)^=Y5'O-A(;357Y$;;_$\]F+`*46R[)%?'8*

P3&(^T*Z#KQ1QG\3WV3+'VD2XI7X@\?()


MI2O`;7PZ%@/Q._8XMSL)8D]WR5QV*IJ


?Y




MFBA04\


MITJ[$@
HJ/VM*JATUK7,8T5I*RT)C+;0%!P0X55!-%**C0]#A#H16F*4

M*X5*






WSC;9FT&E

.4.&9G&T+;;(O
+=L


MRB.5M$


MY)(5^C$3WAIH5

MHNL?X


M;;2`2H^&/
AM<E668ZK-<L;+
IS9HJ&&GAT*F?N)CR7/;CT#UJGY\YT
J6^\&W
M$57VI%%(^C2K/\N'?=N;?0/G]28\Y)I8YOAXT4?E2TJ:;MS[[2:A3ZU+]3A!
MZJ5JJ



M^!SCZ#O/ZE3D9EX&+AYO6@7)






M17J=2M1)^)KCPN'




M$5Y](^'B7/0=V0-U3A:SX=I(=PV5MH2%MQ64JC#*
5(:U%'QQ!-S/?1D!M37



)

M3W:X0Z$A!(H







M




M7J37X891NU.78;\%:$IGW-[HDD+#RMAW1-#Z44&F@T=1B&6-Q$QDHYN%*:


[@


M?Z1VW1YOM)KN?




*YQ43+FXZ

MT@;5
J&-#=!U`:&?!D(2$T!\:C'HT#7PE*X+G].*5*GRQ8XK_H^=%%PE_%







Y



W4*EU:@`J[/4TH@A(%/+&Q:]
ML=2[RV_AO&F%DP9K*?L906TNA5W9`Q]`ZXT4]8I!;11EQIQ1_O`7NI\]-`3







MO4%)1!ZT)4=5!05/4@O6I`&#@9IIWQ3J4@4PTJN\WD?0$GZJJC/].$X.:5
MIO\`^4(IA57*DKR1F3GZ2D=/B3A'19H!@_\`RA-(%/:T*VD#JM7P]234^`_+


M:^D?65II0GSQ)%/%.VK#5)051O4?/#Z!+0+FS[W?='M'VW*V
_O/B=CDL;ED
M7=FVMNQ[9)
!+`&O0FX

M@8







MV


M.ORME

M2Q`\P$IV]8TA2/4ZE)A5ZN=

MOU.M!H`/G2@I^DE)QEYU&:$;%-8:!U*!V\WG6^:-PJ4J0ER5P7:)JG#'#C#Z


XD40TD(0$'()[0HA
M'T#QQD7

M*&C.+1(4T'4'PTNH2=-/$5S&(XY@]F]0IKW;SJA*4FIUA+3C^LNJ--(*0CQ
MSIE2AP_?;1)DM$J.Q\FG15(J'%Y@CP`\:F&EKG^TV@;O@/##K2&S;9+V:
MW4@=W

?&

Z;


C1VI*'3$LJF76GF5/-NI<J46$T`/4XKL[V^?I&[PG93ZG^

MMD9F90D_D8:/K(^(D?[+0:E8WKW);[MCST5[GR;&GM
TAB!=^=_F







_*KYYG31D;CCAI
+UK6VN'.3H[C_W=<87RSC0=CI<)4I%J60
M*E9()&&_A9^T^4^I,_%5KL'F]:7]N\7;L%UA.W]]EZ*Q&F(D)94$N+=?:6M
M2ZE)2E74DUP?A=^WT^I6[;.+2\_:@(--7K24SQ3OF

MKM*KHJ2K(@&E
'X7?M]/J5VXO;3AC$:.A;GL78=WMK3S.Z&HES4ZZ5!QNJ4M


DS_<+S9+%TM#;;O).




M/RE`E8YIWO2GUD(




MR[+;3&D1R$/1949J-(AR$@I6%JC.I)TG(UQ^8MYF8A$;0=+CX:5Q5U.87#I3





B\RI#'S28\:WL






MSOMQW2S?I5\?FNDL

M&%-$V6X-G2U4DIHT:GRPGXOR_;)Y/G6?)R)SPZOP_`#?KO'_`)4&]=N6BC/C


W



M9H`(4D3VE@:Q
ON%*K?[BMHPUO\`SKZ+/MA:[JPHI=6OY
=5'5X_''297&_=

M(%=*T[BE
=BU&?%AN;CXF:1\RU'OW$?(ECD

L938GMUA3`4%#I1*7=HRVPTAY0=`
M(II416N0!I7$S6@&KJ)0@K7'4^\I^3I6P@5(504-
BD*H3TQ7F`WR12B$O%A

=/









48`=OUIL^=48;ZX=VJ^=%G?;+P];+



MZTPPYQ=RGBQN]@Z
5)]ZY0X[S=VG4BTKWZ\]PV=


';GV!








`'H0JW`VXV
M21H[:DD@UZ]

M237/PQTEKVQU%=A8=@;:*-WS*7C1+.@Y==*55^`KGEC26D@5M/I5K2TI9H2`





LL:#HFP^R




F8VDM*6

M-*2C3FJBC4KI]7&7_1+
?HFGB3[;+71ZM(3M@\ODONQ.)]Y]R0L+6A$G.F




`TU\2J7N2/M7;I&*VQK


5!7GANW.\Y

5P7F7.






?M
M$%)N4?D';\B%#B(JWR7THIW@P\BIKT.GSQZYRO=ND:`X^W1=_RLRZ?*TS5
MW:J7O[Y\M!L?^R9HK2DD;BAJLZ`BK'B



65V_4GT]I#;9.H'P.5.F'68W!1V!4
MC&N

OIQOVCV[X&L!
M=E8


MEKZM+%



M@&A\


M4ZB7Z(.M00!]4`D^&

M05)?*DQM*6G4K%?'$XRVW@%=T5=X;4LEC.RCGC`Z$IJYZXI2L)7=[FTXHJ

CD44K\
M
2ML6M%`T`=:7[GO];!Y1ZT
[[A^+`@I.X7E$I;(`L]QHOND%`0=-%&AJ1X#







EV^'

8/WP\COM([$5








5&6'/?7$H1IE

NT.I=(F6V7/P[R&TNQ1

MK]&
6YTI4H3W(;2EYI]5-5


M*-33XU.+T40`P1H6LO
.$MB-J&CU*/4`G


&
M.A;:\1H!U!=9'&)0&D8`?XJ,CWO%Y+VU?XVUKWPTJ[W.YVZ,HW]RQ2%0+-<9
M(HD6[O)8+=(L-0'I)]0P[X$)SK(.Q`(6S(]Y%UA.IC73BE*5P+VTS?KBS99

MW
_
W+Q
NU[4DVE4EB
Q:7)%SL][6AP0+%=V$PFW$N78(TH572DG
X$J+7KW





M0RTURQ7^ZV.=OZ]*U@\/C


VC%-
M%N)$#:2+=2H4HM4*&0D^B.SF$XKWEDT$^-(;1@!(V)$V&VPU[CKFEJ
U'6
MYQK:TNIBH9CL*6B


MEJ7
GCC*M.\2RE]M




M2A00?M










MF-.16REHM@A5-0S%%*%3^;%M@;K-$F\W:M4-P0%O(CR%.*(`4E`KH-*9U`PD



MY+]P2-M\/;IM'';



D

M/@I;/W4W)BK4ML&E0BN&5H%)&V(8%V`.&*U:V^X7W;W%

MRHML7.G_`#J`.Q#N$5;93!;4T`6I(-&AGA!4G#2KK#$:


MMR@O/QIC0






1K(?M$5





MNE

M4N[/\(_.7-\_D&S!_-741*E:R25=S2H'R`%*?`YX^FAH7A(=NC%%R$ZC6N

MIV+MK!E&AW0FX6[&](7%[)'U`$!(4!U*OR#7#@\T6DCB'X;@2`E)R]1%*@
MKG^;&

MK86A$=E


N/M(2X3X(7I-#XTQRV3^
M^*T[C0MUY=V;


MO0
SE6M


M_&T5JQ8BCWFUZ5`??C91)VJPCNJ4Y+7(2E*FDQPOM*=U?MI%
LAB7A#85HR=


MMVX27&RD/J=4]+#:V%IS24YDXDX#-H3?@X2DJ];C]^5O1;K;!AKO*Y-T6]
N
MCL6U



BXU


MJ\-SQ*5PH:K
?+0C$8AH^1C1HR641(






MJDUTBAICC






F2M+$9^6@+6^ZEJF1ZX6HVA-%NTC`X+:
MN



\&C=G&$1
MX4!QA%Q$6#1*`I2@JN0K7&7FKWPAK2\%Q&VJFAMF$'6IAK0['














@I'X;$D((&(UJ


_GQI6@:8C4


MX^4BPV(;*''HX0&(R=#5*)UA92





P3*:6.A_94@`Y8N2YY
M

M`]))Z]









UZ?\P78

W:[FZ*(=CVS;NEM7


H\WD[7

P7-4DK:E.1'E%II2-8`IX)Q`[
;?BMP&A)P)R:4-0FI7[

EUJ5&A(6AWY?2E6G4MD!.6-*3
(!&@0SDT%5(_
M@S8^]=GVZ\R]\W:=?;C
O*V+2Q/5K0Q:6FDMA]K



M*B
ZG3KJ-(JH9I`Z_&F!


90Q]%8M?=GK4
M=.24SY/NLO#9DK2@7U
8%5?J94^&.BR!AN&BFQ4
PK5=(./4F7^'%[B6`1KB


MV8+
R[WAZU![G^
XOAZ&67%)BPMV;??4@5I
M7Y::HY?3CD




MN8\FJ7I2?(MXC515);D08SQZ4ELMK4

)\`4])#DJ:ZD$I\\\NOTT\


_3]KTH?

MX;.O?,^J?2O6,KHCZ/U8J+%6-#Y'\QP(54/D?S'`A8K!59'H?YL&HIDII$
M[ZI1)0JI'F&CEY_6%/S'#8Y!Q[B,`:^1.B;Q,L+#K:5R&]_]LDWO?.S(:I&
MB/A274QU$AEE(TN9=#CY.[TN;!;WS@=/$Z=J^P/[:N5H;S(9'3X1A]=6E

O)^7-RV0

MP2


;[1KMXTQ.G_!12WI[.K_OB




M2?\`)ID

EH?HPH[





LA+MU[@4ZE*&9'JT$JH`0?+%
M7








#O!BE

O2A%)TI(\J?S

MA!IG0-5-


MTHIJH


M/7H



M+_HD_P#A3C]`^3OY'9_^R%^9'.W_`.CNO_=
]LK$;V/#8H)^

?\`3-Z_\?=QZSR+
M_*AU+S'F_P#FIZ_6GM9ZGZ!CJ&^]?UJF/=-1C$J15@0D=3Y0LCN!(!S[SJ4I

@9GZ`:4Q2E'H5208'J0R74A(`4U2@I]




@
\@?
8L0%SB4Q^\T+
2&DFA=







M`$4O_P`(



'S4?/
1TO



2C-0W2_#K2$WTF(FF_7=ZUL

M;FN^RG^3-^QMPVV6Q#N

E
AE=




M5S)PY%+;HY2Y#E@L.I9F-[AE-#MM-N.):BL*A@3?2GZX!KB47S_IGR_.GW9O

JB@I25
M)/0=
5+R_F`:8Y'`XZ''UKD)KO
;9KBZXG)IKD=ZUAN2W7';$[CN1:=V;W2_


M-B!0]2!13-]K-L?N7#6RW8,AV/(.][^^_'2M(CJNC([Y1F-:DY:J5ICALX

M_(#OL;][




MA+*:9BA-/S8YZ0#?*L


M
4]:Y3ME##J?I_7AQ4A66$2(-WZOY?Z#AD=[MWU2BI^LBG_!D_SXD;01$C


M!Y[XSJ`2-G;FH2
_^
-^?QQS_

MVE*MLN+

M=4T+1




MC

M-DYD9O\`AZUKV]_;-L#?F\K/NZ[
RXUPM
8]RW1;K(:@R5(CICMRG&TJ%3&
M64@(4?4G2`,6?O!,_$C=I\/&DQCVC\*Q)UKO+&VE.RH;31:E/7):YTB2U*D2
M6ES7E$N.N,N/$I*B:5RQ#)F]I0VXIOD5U:/*D/







M54N$$Y%1)-!A'1T:3AH2M/M!!)H\-#LK6DNI3I4*BA4`0*^!&
F?2.M65)SV
MT0S_`!$N4QJ2XDQ]@[X%D4*;0K0!3H`3C1L-!ZBD=K703VDVIA7$/&%R:N




CC7A*W7:_%9@WN<A9;MZ9*A<6KH9D9COA)*5O
M-*2KS/7'0VHW7-8=1HJ?$Z2B]U@.'?WO9V^@N)-WVSN)ADEM03'F1IC[G:
M%`AQQK)7F,6[K1T(XAVE0;VO?E(LMQ:8=#1$H/M:$T4AI:$`H21F$GQICGY.
MV5KP&L33T+:FIKDBH[BO[M.LBH*DJ34@_APQ2I.G16Y!!J`:Y4ZBG0_EPPO

PE
MS:E(4=9DNNH0EK2VO4H`J%$D!ESKX5KAZ1=J/P.*#G3D#O%:GCL)@U226Z!U
M5:4-

MIETU*SI]-




DTVY@XKR#O$^/;





N+=9BQ5J;CH=776L(BI



M%*IQ7%@[Z/F3?@[[558)E
NMN)6XK
$JJE5%$#KTQ:MXGV[2!45*8^*XA(
C



M@$+05%3_O6=3CUMK6_#M%,%[H&@Q!Q[5$!(V_8%=P.6:U%';)(,+U!20?[



2UQ\D/


-X]*Z9
ZSBFT<D2-X;-V=8WD._NCM*[(GWMZ0A1*2@1@XH6E#M
SBAF?


=U25MB&U5

1E+*74N)0M::*4F@J$51U\A^;$*
MD20ZEQ*EI2I+@`J%*ZUI4YCRQ`YKC)T(2*\XXM]L.C4`HTKGE7+Q\,6&Q@X4
M0B,UYUSH[38%*%8.H4ZU.-&VACT.`*$=BW`#MMN.(=)1J&@Y`D%)Z'K_1BY








5D\$\H(H$\G6L#/+]UZ_FJLTQ7_`[]GH]:E_IU
ME7T6^'Z2'_@7R;Z5*Y+MJ]DJTBP!JM*@IS4HJ@:94(P#D-SR*@GAM52Z[
MN+





#IE7J
M
\:O8FH=Z07=*D^E(ST^!/3,'(_EPQ\;0TG6D**:EU4I*E!9!%4FGT9@Q/




M&EL=Y&K
M
T%


S1)A/.
)IF/JEO\N
*Y]^[K5Z/

QX'S_`.QB
MTP;KZ(5HL1EPE:6PV4(H*5^FHJ3YXGG]UXD'0NZ/X%4=#7.O)KG59V(SZO'*


M$.^;?



M+]M=&\%ZKF6



)9@W@,+:$$*%'N=<4+A'`-*0[21\+DWG

MJM4W;=_G72+;I[K34QZ
\E
=:MP0I3^S2N-ZQ@;4NU+M^2N5WYHXF4;Q!\
\NBS,M%MV4I9D4&B8ZA%/(8ZJV
%WF7:&4BV7^XO-L!J
7G5N*
@E(416G08BW



L3.M(V




W*G=



MWBEB`Z4E-0$!96?\D*;`)^&&ND:T4;H2;C-B78%ANKJ0Z;5



F=\.M3E3Y\UF[H@]M#GUBD
M/`)IIQB1@2D;ZYR;*RX[SM`)7


MI]K7-**TJ

^%;M[V:X3(B?2T




.YC8
:8T63F
MSB8A74O52WTIX`Y?]LK&;)AH7(/[:&3U5_+SPQKB30[%







EJX[CD0F5MR&5EEU+Z4GT!62$D]/@3YXQ
MIKN225T@.#G$^=4





5':9

M72
TTM;D!=M@-(=I0_6:`6*4_3BU#




DLC3T/I33
MJ

+)I5BSC.YJ4D^*K


M2FW=L




32=

MA_1C2F_B/)Z$#2L)EQ82XVX@))=5IT!(U94SKY8L1:NM!2/

M()II)H

M:


/&2RAMQIP..IDLNI7DS6#IEMZ?K)`(R\L?$7
I%O?
M/B_)JOT9M
X9F^3




C.I+2P#*/I4&M2OJK^W[.K'++J4R

MEUIJ
VR&5!-?2JCE3GX8;'S5EL
M8G)MN3'0(]R9#38HRT\X6N\D**1&C?62I:`

D

5==[(96]H4@@`
MDD4S3ZL0R?`2.WX7NW?K**3GCDAQJ)!7H?'ZTH*Y&C-J=)NT5886`Z6WPK2J
M@.@GJ
CA&2V$;OVLAI]9
_&W)'T\?KL]:!'*
*02&KHP2!I]+S:`GKX+6FIQ

MJH*5*0#3#XHFC0GV_OFCI7@3YLT1N=.7#).IM6_]T%.0R5]\22E*54J`2
:4


J0.H4I*L_#'6W4#'6+:UT!1G$8ZUV__`!+./[A[L.+]
MO1/;=MN_+UM=B)/OT#:4JWLI80^EU-O

M&]2\@#D


8]

TQ#9QM





MNO







^436I:L9%.G_`#FW3'S%
MS:*9JVO9W\=J]@Y*



M!.DIS(.#^HL_T_.?M)AYTSF4\229X=]9WK1BV-;@@\.N[FN_MZV=(Y'_`'XF
M06ML


[^^.6T;LO5[3*5
M;[4O6VVV56@RY1DZ4UF

OWSOUCZU
M-F-PSP8J'&4]QILAE3Z&U++MDMZG$ESU-A*`RLE+B



`)V]`4--*:JH9
M'7PQS






*?Z!`MSX5A:WWR&@KP-2KH*83A]:*
MI91:#(`5-O,6W!=5.X'%!0\#HI7
=!@
=!7%+5)SR-J
+4AZ9/N
A(.I2`6

M(\:#&4VY#Z`G`%9^[O'J-5QA]S]^L&XN:N4KW8+BW
N
M7&0XVXE60+:VE!7GC5A(?CJHM-FA.E[7@)LWE_;;
[LMWCCYN=KMC2TN%NW.

KK05A(DL-`5)!IY5\Z?
ME)Q:@?I51)##[K*@L!2'




MWFX

'/<'6

?.O-\%;^H&.\5ZK





N7&UPKL4*4TVRH-L*


MJ\G



NGY%MVDRWTY?O:V

UN)/









M*7
8.8-Q_*5E]O&T8.*X?[U8?%V:DMT0O[ZGLR`I(%(WWB?0E74BF.TNX6BP

M








MI+@RVB5N
)?6D.*4$K#25DGR2*X^/)?[I.8GD!V5VFG\DS.\N*]!_`UF(6RB


RG_EE7[CEIXN%O5\O)4A144!M*:/UUH4J






5J!L]87
9A;378(HFK.

X
VM1XO:2Y+:4)8&XVRI;JOVRLI)]/AA/^
,H








MQ.I%Y[FF/(*=:7$
.+2H*4H`@==!J


M-:D_+5(]L/8(T&\\Q6_O!-22I$5MD@4!445%
;D1I&3T)*T!*ZQ66SF;:K

M9HV2I2U)()RZXZ+ES
A=D4-31:3.RESVQ7*:;T7)XG0F'-I76WL_X6DUQE$%

[ZNULOOMJY69CAYJXV[DBQR/GI1%'(BQ*JXEB
MN25J0
_CA$)F?=

R:
.


%<D`(G-D@J\*X\*
M[Y9!'W:W1U[OK1D=?C(^OU*G

M


M-NT%SA@`MMY)X==NUU@3E\MVO:=G@[-B;3N5HN*WF^]\LT&V[NV@R!E()U-J



MP91IQ]L[.I31
A$HKV5K$7@*ZVZ==)[//8@IEO
B*Y]]E:PV]FH(K))&E%:4
MQT4W.SHA3X!@_3=ZD^9MO6C`*%&H'MIN5DO#INO




MM804D_$A(K4XR[BU
[FN+O8'0J37!@/LU*S33.E?@$4_)4UIBP]D;XS$1[)
M%$&;\SSK()HK7I)-*#ZG]&(!&]GLM/LC`8)O&?2E,%1/2K:R1XT1G^G!NR:R
M/($9PPH551_4(^%$_[K$+A)O'1Y`I`YQ%:JJI_J'\R?]UAM).CR!+O':L:K
MH0H`],DGY



M4\:&IR1F?#H1BW;QR!IX[M\ZL*44C6L`(HALU'-*2!X*1Y],\2%K0HG,C.E
M6*D%24A0255TD441U&73$;HHWT

MBG.OTX69K)6[H%I2]OY(H4(ELI))57ZV0%!F:BN9S&&EE8Q&3HUIKGU&A)


IL

]61H!F

*[F$@T.E)PNE)SST8EQ)[G?0DEO54(6

MKK9M^WV[8Y

M+9[=/;.I?RL.9&W'LZ5`CJJ[
YE#)R3-7VC

?05RSQ(T;HHA`RG-+&E`!?6$@5)\-/PPJ5`MLI
MDK45#P(**DT/7Z3AP-$+8&D-J27&RD=@-N+O22$JZ)&9KA=Y(N^'X#K2&N

M\0%M-+=@

M;+W/L[;-IW5O5.RU5@N6J5)4I=O==^2B&8ER/J:34




\[H/
M+




MT=]*'TN*


M0H#D[R?9QR;YGY6GN'B%SM%:D)6WNVTNA2DK*
@F.#IJ.OAA.`W:D^YY-A

U^\
M5J#A14A+F@IJ$J`P?#;RGCRF0,J=JR3R_O\`<(;;X;N[CJ_[MH7^VA2S7U9]
MLI2$`5J<)\*%#-8RQG`8*FN7-_$A3?EZ*=:T*)O]MS4@T53[/H#^?%2Y@<P
MB@TA5'12`THE%/*W(CWU.$;T$A!*E*O]M.D$@9)#558K[C]8*JR




]

K0!J
M



R3CW?N@NYKQS'.UK1CP8*+D?P
B*A*M4UQ+:GJ'51+.2B@@]?/`A=F?P2;_?]
^TVPVTF2$%?<=!2V:_HQDYXXC+7`?3;Z5SN=^






M^Z'E+(CMEG2\92@H`NDZA3+'0CO*S&XB^'O8MV/3H8
1HT!+PIZZJ4\:+#VA


C!+#L;YEX*?8+50U
M(01D*BE







H1

L?N\FV=A[=?*Q@/1I+[+<5D0T*<MM$F-%FKUU+[BTURJ*


M8DG]T+9#E17;A%
1R\QHSRY[Y5+!45%20#IRS'C7!O
C-*@GH3)
F9&-T;KA



_CB
L4K(/UDG+HFO\`1@2'
M0B<VJF)&HIH&%D^H9`4Z#KB6(TZZI;;WH7@IYM?[O,?*[5OA3K@\=_;H@TV


!*2Z[ZD)))42JJA3K2ASK3$Q



L#!NMKO'/.VW+J+ZQ=-F;KF.W9O0EV`M'

=NE!NOI8;N5GDN

]H=NBE2LI6_-O+B;]:

9W98GBH_?]H20*
M^B8THJ^!SJ!B;^G7


PZ0@U[FL&L%5\M:45K1-

;QB=^J_P!2BDN+-L/&




M2UU-.G0B7
K.*+B&1A%-%0G
]L-YM-VYHY(-KN
:X(&R[$R'8R];2UBX+U:'

M'

\DVID!+6Z
M!I`]2)HYLC.R%I7





7'RGUJ1G=S-EQ^'N1O...WTM&Q.;Q5
MRSR%9HESD[GO3T^+/G7'[F
M:7)\2U-N%%O:=T%*4*)%5BJJ5ZG#_OZ3Z1\O





M#

MYT4:BI'PQ9X74KF+-QY!;DJ65Z5-D54K4L_$#('\^)(X]UX.%J[-I*7V7%
M(6H+D4*BFA0#7
'4:=.OGBVD1[Y0H2Z&^^XC/[9Q9+M30::#(HIA#H*%@B!]
MJVTD&KFD*/3TD@'/SIB:'L^)

MUQ3+%#EE0UQ\A9?F6:99F[A;EXH3HWMO11%`





MDY!.

7ZL?J50YWG6J1_E=ZU;^%FP0*(V;MM!K4E-JBI-/*H0:X

M

M



M;.OMI64^I60QA7T8((:
5]

M*E@EL.*2


L2_=EWL'E2CO)RQWO'GP\:%'*$=9#K;JFU:E'U*6D



MNC)``2BM!B


&YNXI0\'!)T^.J/)6VT^5(2W

4+8U/+)JY3
=03EX]#B%UQ$
#6J-:.3HS#;Z4MD!



M'6ZV[]VH1JTM*^JD&E.F

`


F9

M@``E1SRQ6D/MI0QR-N
J=0DL]O434T](T^'0=?/#*A&XY*41MR
E*G0DC5G0

%':5L29*%@%(_80
Q_:Z8K2CVO$EXC5WF_`PK_`!KY;6:`
M)V3;ZT\=4P`9?3CG[^W
TC''L`47/YW5[F%O9`Q\J]-%YO

ONZT;BB&SFJ7
:*':BYYFXI`23OJQM!52

`@K&^+.4ALNDF2CZ@05D@5K6@

M*!N=&*I?

&H)7-?



D#K2P0







J7

M

%)@MFE
MA\C57U?W8!/7KG0Y$X

1\*Q

MGDQ=L.-15:Y

M;);8M$%U49N









MO
(ERT
*0@MC



J/
D!(+<UT+E

]FFR-L+C_`

%SL\V6R@:OK%S2#7I7'L

M1J5D%QD:36GB

M!-10:B*&N6*_&E5:[N&$T8:J&EZY\Y#B;RWN]:=F;9NVW8DMQM3
JTQFKA+?
S/#\

Z0$ZJ%)(KBE=2W
CZQBK?$H(;W?=@:H

?[!QU)?J&T:*)1UJ0







M+4Q


+



P

MRMEQGFDJ2%J6[9I$IT(J:)`2:FHZ8@O.P[J*0]E2^MD^??\`CV[0MY;1#NW=

V1K1&N(:8?J2H9C'CU\]YN:_E*BGW]CVS+/9-

MCNGT)NR]TV-LR_(3(OFU['=YC-5HD/VV+KSS!$MI&/B+
^89)8W[NFIV;4
M:DPWN


:].2





MT@Y4H








MAZ:[$BK[B5%)/4'H5']./'.9+2.


!T%(4A7?_`(K
%0D*CK223T!I4GV['B8&AHK%B*W`ZU\_PY

=BU['6FXT@OJ




^1+?APH2?4[)83&JM(S%



MF.BDWBXX4.U

ME-J0D3$



MTT`(4@/;_

-LQ((VF4$.K



M=70NW7X'%HM-QYFY=7
LT8PWLNWJ0F;%0\HUE@*HAUIQM1QA7;@2-TBM%S



M#CBTEAE+RE

M8T4-?#$D;VI)78F\M^&T-D;HVK)=VOZ$(MMUTCJK[NGZ2#Y'L=1B7B
VA5
M)+F*F#F^58FX7`D%4&\ZSU`MTZE2?@QX'`'LVA5FR12.]IP`67SU^T^FVW53



M/F-I%


8_.
%?`A8%)^&%JG55
M:3\,+5%0@'!]H@5%:=/RX6HW-JH7#2Z=KAH7'?WZ-%6\(BR

M/


M#.:Y

=3@4VL)*4J

MR\B[VR'*E
R$7)VTB-


3*.X[((I1(6M











MQ0V\Y
8<TF;


C8^QPO\`_26V4*K7.T01D/&BHHJG

_C


M9?MVC7B'PIQE$W`S(9O






6X6C(L%Q
ML$YO(A+RU'(]
B:5ICL

MW-L2R;7W0TB/N:S&S-3KA(UHTAQJYO(4ZRH@U])RQ1SWE:XB:2R3'ZP]23XP







M-Z\[:'%Q^+=OF

\6[YVX\-;BVHT?



3H%1L7?WO)\E



6_7;Z

M].&NU=::[1XTA7%)4W
2!4JAR`*]*Z#BY;&@_2FLC24'I^?/S2EN-S!R:U



M@*KGGF

M@KECG[SWBY?F#W\?U3Z5W]]RB5*X=W3J((5*V[ISRRW##/ABHN?3RVUNELLA

WBO?5R=7(0V6H,7
M=)::9AB+</EHZTZ'(ZY;#Q:#ZT)5JP!/9I6^Q.$_=M/69M[Y:FP&$.SG8
&



M'_QQ_`A2%'5/_=G/]LK`A&
&]I_M^Y=@

M)^D$8PF2Q5!.@KYWRK


M%T]S^

M/&I&VU2PZ@(U46`2E2JT(-*OU?HQ[AW)\3B,+S4@KDLPG#:T6^QDJ2CU&I)
M!_1C[+A:6QBNL+G^)Q2C&)$JK`A5@0@5]5?1_0
-=JZTUVA(UU-(\@__ETO

2&2


0

0X1TMP\B





?YJGL[K;M+-KA74/720

U9T\JYX1+UH5O3K5W::M7\OA
1TQ)J\DZ3KQ7?=]EW8?$RVX]XR8AV)U5\BZ
QV`@!1HI9-*$YGSPS[CCI0
MUKXU\Z6XLS'4#NTIOEBBWFWW&S3VB[%NL*3;W#UJAQ%21]`5C7MLJCCC:S




MD
/.OZGB-1==TZ^AZ#0*8P;K+X34AU#XUQT^;\PW4I+HW%O4U;^`E(2$D^OU



M.@^@8L*17P(58$(N[X_D_HP)#H*3+H84P)&9MTL#_O1Z8EB^5-C[07SVN:G
MGHW-/+2




MD$6R




MMV[XW!



3F

8W1LZ3HJO1!OSV





R'56DJ(;(4?3K.7PQT+QA76L6QN'

MA09
E]-QCZFF&7)U-ZT^I*6@2*X\7[WLE-S2!I%5ZGW$YVVUYH#Q0.#J8T


CEA_X

MT)'@='B

#O
-?



2=[573OE5HD%(0.@



O#.$&8XM.

M(I37X!?/N;9M837):S=KXE*MHFB0K34$#TYCP\?''K0C$;`T;%C/W*U9H1K`
MF*L%6!!735^4?GI@2'04D7%MU;
M*TA27(C[+8J4@NNI*&Q4&HJHXDC^5





\3(:'6AOL;IUR]
^%%]OB26G4*5%[BHU)\`12H!\

YNH_
HXB#ZG#2G_`![=


MT`KS*=2E$?'%26_P5R+



N\F7D?W%<Z/=.4D.$Q385N/A\_<P:95_Q4G]0Q['R99O


M^Q3+M?DT_5_5C2CW:?LZ4Z%2/!W_`&MW?\54
G10:=-/V=-*4^%
.4NKH66!





MHPGM=*/:Z57H\=/Z

`
end








begin 644 tpg11.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@!=P)1`P$1``(1`0
1`?_$`/D```$#!0$!`0``````





C



_


M$



6&R;Y%R;
M?/;.TS
F









SMIZ#Q[1W]3J`SW*



MU

M9_
;7Z3?2J?Y9S[_`):;]Q_H5






X8.AYU/)3:!++4D1RXYE]N0%+\P*NT!U%N9QO]5S:5V_I5%_
M#/$@(++9Y:17U'U\FE*!MMRCV




2FW&T]WX@4T2

NX.1;?Q
&NVZ&TV*VYC!XKMKOK



J

^U

M!#HN13^\B^NH'+G@Z#X_0FQ9U[4'*&^0\?5(9XZ;B3L$S?%LG%WNMX7`O6^0
MC69BQ3(=^?4AZ/#@X]$BH5&2I%`/P$*-=/ZN\!_\R/\`S(OKJ/X;)L/RZ%*+




M_
/@/H5T


M]9AP/

M48UQY:*:2!D30YQP5RF2^2H%M/3PI7K]M?@=6C);TVL;G-;[V1U@`:#'4-.C






MKAF%PVOTX_K*5UC=_JM\(*J?GUN[PE$R$I`!*E&4T.T?$U5J7^I/6CWAM?
5HYOB*O/SNVM):2],CH==Z(274`$^74J'357\^<-?SV4^FSZRG%E<
M'0TGH*]&[02W]9$+HIW#UVPDBOE\Q-::@[C_AAG6=.S=^FSZR@;*ZW:AI\!
M5/\`

M_
B(*D5)


^LHFRNVXO;XBK]JYLN/(0T?60:$OH
M%64FOX.])4DJK]NMIL

!7=X:N'=J#@`H8+











"=/RE<[3\NA/S]DVCJ^`?66OS?;1YK/\`I1(OS;N$([XFK6U
MDEB[WFZU

1ABJ.!&W
N4E
8A%5\

^D6PZEQ*

/K+0+7[;G-

Q$$GO\SX




M
I$O%UY*IE3]ILUYDQD?1AF[O
&.KU0!
MW+2!35Q=.GR\
G-1O*&=W^09WEF_`(S

1M(+[1\HJ\M;=+<B+)C?G0&57G/-
M<F?;W9-*-)PYJZL$H^^FY$WODXG:K@B)#C*'\2W1'_P,:6UZK+`**^HD(/0





'JFO3

X$[(;G_X

M#Z%]NZ;3PWG_`*-















MK_B/#56/AKCN.N



M54=^RY/$JJL:BP4J



B\8=.DL0)4*[A8N]C

M0/D:/5:3X`I%;5

*T@T5V
MDBGRCJ=14X82%HVX6X.+X)A^09GEMU@V3&<<M,Z[76[3Y#3,.)&A1U2XN0X
MI+:5]R.U*:]RUD)'4ZG80`JT5H7R-FJ:M.CI4!WM

WN3KV]6
MY^X/Y!@^
WZ.Y$RG]C[$*V9'@S4B9`Q[(0^7VWP$I



H=J,.J$[&7^8[Q+TIYQ14E#R
M.AIT?3\W6G44IXZAV@^:%'LI-/:.7DEX*[TN.)2@@2I:/V#N\1J2JGW'?.*
M:CS!Y:8-PVV?G;N9PXJ5%&0X_BEDLT-M3DB]Y%DEUBVRU0HYJ5^NI4Q*W:=$



MG(]/JL5NX*U=:GK^C4UON3^LP-'(K6Y;*UN\U[@FT<I-BL2Y[+YWMGF5M

&XI0\%((*BFAZ$ZI9QD\%_;

M\MW=!H*E9/A+

PP.YVG-

YW5.M.XMS&3+.')+*)N^PQTKB#MU+




LRF%D#+:
Z






OSW*A]



)
MWKDR



M2;2J8N$!IMUQ48



MSBKPN
)[P(SKBVI6%]J:*4DIBZG^TTFM*CS!U+^4\FUQ-\'Z4[:3:55D(8


M(

WSBO;L1L-'M:9JD53W)
MJ*CS((U.SAO)XW!W8

JXANY8X.U.)IHK@FE[\;;665YC





E97:
W=/;:?D.S4P
MVW


M:(D0Y%[U8OQUV3W&WNS)FX3
:VUQF=D]ZBV?TW+B[`A(4M2(:7E(:#[@%$]Q











N8]

MN#EJLN09W%3)M.*W.Y1&7HK%Z:6ZAMUON)0I0)Z:D4BV3$/=JV`SFQ;OWN%C
M&XUDC;.X#FNY=R.08ZNUKR?'






MY
M6?WS/<-SJSX/
MML

MWL?MEQQ6\VVXY-;L54M%ZNN/
2(B7+G;H+K2FUNM!:2L42371%MDOW7N+4G9







MLEVJ4A5.BD*CS&W$N!=/





;+F%P*9TMI;
ML:^S64OLN$?



M=[.FZ^WG
KA9$N.W6P-VS;'


M_+HB%#N20?





MHI_6G.Q#\AY:%&H+:T)**-@`*4$+(4`D]#7X:HHH!.?&




MJD28S%6OWY;6@A-*DBF+X
\!QPR&\41G=?





M\KPG&\@R56-VUBW.7R]3;:RI^ZW1;*09D]Y=2MQ=5*)U
QV^HRO=





M6ZJ.A+BE!-1HBW'=O


M\U=S9_\`DNNH-?7!1P7$A[N5KQ5KW
MT[OD6V&_67LHV;L$I=VV9B9!(=M4I

M\/





WJ[9:XL/%MU\.O




J7WD4*0M!2/$OAJ!)!%`BBB]ZY^YQ/;=Y$.61%XD7-VW6@P



;RKPJ]Y+FC

#6AP6A6/8_B
M8O;&(K



M^V:
8@IP^5BC3:4L+Q:YNMO.MJ;`27''.HU!PJ-J*420XV?3(:]8D*4.Q8

SLFD8[A2<AM*Q?[BU6


88V!A-2`N=PD.94:*GR


[@MBY

MSFY=WL.679N';(ADQ7Y5BM[;DE-5MK2ZGNK31%*)[5QY-W'='D^WR$N6791@

DPD&4X)TF&Q]#)

M5'0K.&]O
J?M2X45IJ0N3&MZVW@VPTTW]6N/#0KLK4IH.IIJ(!.A%]X;/X
[



FGR^Y



&2\

!76X/`*^G].Z!,0O
M]$CU*#IJ@X@NJ-+&0.<WN6W:U6R[VKVO9TN!<K9#G1@=W+
E2HL^
W)].BA



T7X=OAJ23U0H/T?[13'6GO_P#9/(3V%26N.#*7`E:5E+KM



T4%*/GHBZ&K':5Q






`B4'@Q)W^W@WQY);V;Y



MOR

Y4B?9^9;Z
MT)[6FDE1--0I0U5X/=`W65+'CKADQV;BJ*N`NY0XDLV]U(#L);S*77&'2.





M^
UV^AQ





Y2VF\1OL:#%0B
M-#ND]N)<7(2D%1ZUU<VTKW2@'10J%$_3VWMPY_



XUO

MM]SMTJ)&2H]Q

J?:YK?K6BZPL4MC[-
M[M\A/J0IR7`Z4MQ9S*@H5ZA*M48YJE-*MN.&4KYM\C-^
QW0XE;A[;;72MD\
V<R/



8Y=!9'0A

+HF44_#
$[K#TTQ'%U5\
7L*B/^KMT2
MOZZZ]B9+_I.;^Y_W%J
WWL_2\Z9`E_UN2X:)J&
N;`2/&OY5'/C\*Z\&]UXI
MWN7`/_

%S.U]C_M'R

M38:&4RHTC;FT-YUN`U=1E-PNLFWHB9$_=6KW6ZCZY2G$A#OA4'PU5C+0#73
M51BJVTXS^Y7;^0O(GC;L?R:_P!W;CGL_?(60;


M_?7@ER


MVFQJ[0KSEC609!!6[%C3[W'83'8;2NJ@LD]*ZDD#-VK=-44S62;![=;C[53-

P8$1J#ND;L82IJ:RY'2ZVX%!7K(@::H(HE/
M:OFW3!N2_(O8FXWJ5=8=GM088G3$I2[=Y^*7A=HM[[B4$@SH^-$-O.FJW2D$
MU&B*?J$D-M^D$D);_!7X?KT173GX%?=JE/[)W



MM72BD56/4CPT5J*=U/+5S'
QK-T@U45U$[/V=BQ;4[:6B-V%JU8-C$&
I/:I

6:-9+';++%[_`*.T6^%:
MX7J*]1]


Y`[:;6?QEAUDQK+++G^#3
DDRG+(

M:L&U

MMJ%_.E;J(
1B.IU37JNEL/*8)`!-/`G4KQO`447O#A11I\K.
7+C+=^

ME[Z[=[4Y2QB2
.S&'GN)R\EM]VM;4E4N*W9VHI0698:%%+617\-.NI.S=52A


`05




KE:31+





T<=M2ZK2&92+W,::A)^4.1E`*O$'5]EK&7ER(




D-11[?FD4TK6IK:47SVT/5



M37]:JW#


M&V&PT*I:2GTR`4I(6A20E([!Z2TIHI!Z4Z#IJY#14$*5Q#7;NNE5[5!CN$
MJ*75]%.5[:MDU*.VA`0.@[?`CH3J5PW=*BWK+Y]*J+ZABI:05J4X$@J%+*

T)[



MI:OIKG?YSCTQ]BH0`.X42/#6=
IC=UCO-II&A4C+3]4I[4914RRH)#:V@=B
M:(])8HTBH'[M`'3S)/4:N87=N\W#D.E56=?'1SJ`;@6GW%]^4*H5_FFX;





BY^FE+::J)/AH
MBY)

5NAJV

<YO.V

M^(_/GNP9$Z

$]ROG#DNZENV\B;F8G=FLVW7S


MC[0=9?8=0I2'&G&U@@@D&NB+*Z(K9]0]
DD@=4U\P2.A^[3#];U5%K@TASM`



A\R^

?8?



M/W=H]O\`L[V^80EO+


MGS&MFA(


MC+#@2JJ02-:#F?$3^T


M/GK6+O-[X-;0NW23M]*W+





M'G&425LDNXX5:3B10-:



MMIU/5*@2-;,0V=N^PU7%I!-:.KXU&O[Q3B/_:X^3M$_-_!T9M)(Z!U5W@!






1:2L

MH6W
ES[




MN*V54:[O

K

M']]:@5/W&/P_P#6F_'[=7L&4S$YG(2:&FG;AL\ZFW:LWQH70?J92+PY^!7


QBXDBTX4VM=RM=ND-EZ=?Y+9-51K='!6L_U

[7M!7$2**)
MZN'M\=$22;6^[U:MUM\\'X^Q.


M]%



Z1KE;K;/87W-7.#'N

M=KW'XZAO#E4:+%Y!L'M#E#_K9#MM@M^6NV-V9Q=WQFUS%FULDN-0'''6%.OP

*Q/:5*9:5

Y#@HV(5U6AH38KC:U`MI

MY=:HW&?$'[7G5KVTF'=KD


KT2Q&0Q
K4&FA2B^TWL8]L#P4VHL
F)-A7S.
\$T7J<N&M=,X-,EY82^[#U7M<-5/
I8^

*ULMC5]HP

3#=UH


M'9D^923]H\-[/3ZRZ'Q)WCY]EEM^$EP;;[N[U7N.'
GUXO9H(E6B!;4M+MT=

MD:93U03SJOE^&
6I?TCZRI]Z+:X

MOA;'N








VR4QPTI:662EQ`'@2.FH=SWP]Y+D3




130I
M8+!?(5\MMNNEN?3)@7&$Q



.55(F.)2-;H7F0S$:ML%5)DIY

MV


M





L?ZOUC:?U
MUUZBR[

M@_$:X_W\N`X(D!TF
_PJ^X8PNL=A24\54E-NW$;*NY+66H!5XD]UMAE.L1\/
M-?RPWZ#?(KOB2F]3D3MT^!^\?RZ[ZSV[UKD'J*OJHIT:(F*\RN)[/+K`\6PB
M9N%EVWBK-F\7*C=L60VBXR8
8!J;:G&U?O$V^[1R6U5H`#HBCXN/LPXW.9O&
M.0^1F[MFVH.6V;/['M9`BVE$'&K]97VOS+Z*2\X'OH
KCLAN4OPZFFB)S(]M
M^P0.0NR7([#=T



MZE;5NC25!Y#R@'33YM$291?8BVBL]BRC'E;^[R-6W)68;\:!):M(5%R&'+*[




M`3
II0.&U;.U[Z?M?.
(?:Y.V

M

.
MK5/?E0UMMO.!MHO






S?V^;AVTCRKR_E%;CCMY./7?Y4Z^U6




MDMKB


M]GIMA6]_NIS%A+D^1S;OS3SS@[77V(U@B)B
A2^O:UW_`CRU=QBU%HP$CM
M

5V&=[





0+G+*0/E6XM)*E'





MB0XJIM[:DI;'RL&Z*0GYB*D%*1KV/D;C'DS+$''=\RYT*]KTK

K=99CSX;;2U!2'





MMB8_4`%?2LQ#6R(I#8[31AHKI^(=RPD4\B===FA9);]F=05@[0L:MZ1#0
M5]Q2T4)3TZ+=EI0D?#J#34,LLVM8]63/;8Z`OCK87(8D)/[HMJ3V^`)5E9I


`?L-5SQ)[45V%.U3

H[B0!YDD?L\ZZJ*=?/JF?[:/\`EC1$S+ECS#VT


I)4FHT1
R/


%V[W#S9_;VU.9#93$ND#




M:$D

M9&-864N7N2E0^N2#:?F:;2*%/[-6!XFLP:&45YCZ$_
%I_-'@/H61M/ME;:I





M8+35*/`?0KI7MG8HXB\/)Y&;B
RKG:H*+PHXKM^^7XL-D)AK:2Y8*-E#0%$
M=2=5AQ+9NP$PKS'T*'YAM?YH\!]IVSVU-M$VN;;XW([=%:TVIN7*0YB&WC=














M[`?GR7E
E


MZ_9JX4^7TBJ-%4FV3/(%EL*8Y0E?Y1!6DNM^JWW.NE![HQI]2/3=_#4?&O36


M3Y%V+OQ?#F646D]D=]D31O'9IVT2B\7^/.Y7-WD-DN%X=E&8[RXUN'&Q![DA

MG
O



M.!CLH;([0*^17=BT[_(HF]LE.1\7N4R
TI












3'
M
8W-VB8VKRBR3

VA<ZJUS.H]M:'0F/Y!=\)N[\^(-R]N7?5O\`8Y$.8G*+.%23

GW+F6X/9T%
.3G7.KBRD=*2`:+#/Y%@4N4N)-W(

M9?
`;5=RSN1MN$KOKK\UI&76X_5

'ZB@0%$$CQUD;+(;\P_;M._79





NPJG8W






%4


RC:=J;5P7

8Q/&198=ZM)O2+'26^IU^UA?3_'?*5DBGQUS+-.\






\OMV;BE
K
MP.

M3-*8;7U_#2GZ?L_2-2V9I
]PY5:G3BO?TC/_`$;7_P`K3JOV:EP43WO)X?$O
M/!K-\D=;+UMKFVW6X.(3&$A#UGR:PYC;OHIK+_1;+2FI)0Z$TJ1IV:C528
M8#/DW3,,N4U07)N.)XW/D.`U2Y(EV:_(6*]2%O.$ZHWPI.P;#YU*ZM3S+*
M7



3HD_@3^C75KT!L431_,:L'4.:

=/#S`^_7QU[QRX=\V;T_Y

M]F.9))N/OK@/''&-PMT]R





W



VJSQK[)VR_(\L2V[

M

M*2T:^IP.E6+7$GCTM45





M]Q#TR2V[


M)4;*-J82%S)













M1QO#NL=!Y5:W-Q7Y##CHDK!:S.WGZ17SK2HON&K(\VE([2/TZWX]@;8$N%=U




MDDD:%QG(F


URFO6.4/;V[65ZYU+G


M[XLY?*:5OCNUUX#0MUL2/=L-BS-5..M$`D!X&OD04+Z^.NNV]JP6L9&(W0L5
M-[97

MDU$=E&\R=44UJP&,^M4.=\6%W+]


OW3H24[TGLVXO:B:?(R0?\`W*#T








MX9
!5LG


M4IM'I3==L*R=AWOC6]O;UQ_8[DJIFPQ


WBU7^`=FN3JY]UVIL
/,QSL'N&EU4N#(CNI<;!L7<LAMDCI7QU*[
M,;&X<UF^V@<#I'I5.1CG4H#I65SS?)RX8EN/;X6RG)3Z_*L,PFTP6)&PVX81
M)N$0PMZ.:6.H6$-J*OA3KK

MYCOWD[.




K%15)+(/7

M/2L3%ZQ5FIV47H##G:XPU^8-)D`?W@;BM5-?#Y0175R?5'


M7?K@W8[E

L/G9!A

OL+6G
M['E20X&]







ME4D]?AK8N[/_`%*SZ0\JSEW









M2ZYWJ84`Y?(ER&X%T:8#R





M=NO-K:M5Z4(T^0_&6H1ZI+C2Z*2!HBA;N7L'8%;5Y-=W.6B7LY&17W/
8NN9



MN



RMN^






M;3TZ+%YD]QI]A\?AK7\DCI:!87A






MK






M_B6R
MVF%N=M$Z?V4Y)D\?=[GS_6Y9[Z(J?

M[8JVBT%5AY?8#JL[K2C8%38#0*




M=P.BJ^S$=C5I!%/WEN4:^7?=KTHU^'CK5
XP9T+





MM76\6JY8+%WHSS:B'B&9S+C(W




10:(E4R+VS-_L+V
VGRJ[[$Y5N%G]HB




#H^
M6I0[3E7IJ6ZY%CM_(%.=S=2VH=*'XBE*G5'\2GV%.TY54D6($&!ZHDRU/5
M17^[2L=]1]YU.S
IMA\:AVG*JDY;R+LJ2U('I_0*9::6/[R04@)4GPI2FLA#
!^8:KR9E<4%`?'Z$$G*


GG![H14`7(^2;0.IIU(5_!D(^`\^NO'_?==/C





MDT]
O!RHH2H(:)UK==]QIM6'M_:A%T?C^O:0T*(2S?4R`?Z[E&STZ?-TIJBS



%XEF8


M[$]Z@@SPL53\`$C6'SIA?8.`6:RK_

7PI1:])








M[Q==9C+.P]5\SG#K



R[UC6GSH_2MJM.
8W-W223TIO.SQDG!9L64XVY/


MF^M2`?'PIK?IOAFXC@R6'*
LZL+KELAQ8

9*JT
M5WCL(\U%YP?R$ZXMQV9;!TLT/K.J%L!9VD+1RK6HT:9-O=]3#AAX0V4!U'2K
MJG4U`^T4&O


MD?=K)%NY:O:JP/V?0K17]ZK_`*L:IYE]VA^GYE6?]T25[S]-N[S7^Q'\?^M&
MN
=__P#HEW]V[^%9+A/[\WG]T;C6Z%V_-P#3*W*T(-/\
UT/7QU8?#G_I$

M\N4_N6[N]AMCF



N


9O2'US)MPZ]BD)371$



MZZT[:?IT'=C%.X

+BF(:=KY;Z(
MWB`EYMIJI:^;]=-5W=U\$



AS^=/ND'TX*F?)*[QYD^&8V`^7W:[/:0;T0Y%U*U^YL'($J]Y=







MWEDMMG4U8J%_P#.R-GP#Y],\R?]7CK'GV8YRL5T#+H

T

A)3]VO-D5U'#.7O(+:'R+A&6`[[]B

M

4G







_56/5^-7^J/Y]4



M;':U8_#E_I$?1;YTXJ_S
_+6G5#^?^C7?F^W/2L++ZO2%5U61&B*$_W9-T^4
MNW]IXW8_Q)

6!MMDE+U!5?2






MJ05GI34[K?M(P=H3%7.]7+??/../F[





M^E2_CUZ=OB5@_P`VMT;='?DQ_=MN;

GJFOQU=6^1%
MH-1C78ASZ\^5%48YU;G.O-&)[N#TV(E


YQ7NP/-M1E*^@2=I+8EPH4!VT6G'FBZTHCY^





\$T&D*K%/)*2T5T;5J[GN%YUC[4JONXL
M3I





MYC1M[L'2IZVYPAL;,_Q*Y&96FX02G_!^F^NK^WOQ
-U9JWSILHPIA\MBSF


+?ML5B\QD[5U

MHZ5:
M`T]`YEPWO!SMF:SMMHR*MZNK2
-B:EQ]W
PBV;

^X'1\M:72Z[N[=*<E-RLH$EY


]LMXFQY-R8O
.`J:4V68Y&0I





F0Y!@VX7&OFHK'N5
O!


J<U\'/J/56#EX:D%TZ[QW7^#R









M&H%/U:^6?!W$EG:=X.;V

MK4[]2JU-AQNY-!M93










M17B//77_`(0\P
_$3KV



Q^ZP_2

==$3K7-C]J;A88F*W';;9MFB1V&



&6!W*-%N]J7]/<8SKR[6'!-0Z?WB5)
M24JZ:B(6#4$[*PV#PA7T:=:VT)3$O//6.ZGL9:'^Y)@84ITN)[1V?E5'6W:=
3CNY3V03MFLJ@<=MOK/+B









M


MF#&(H#





M\.A'[E+*D=S22:4)[#]A.M$[SK=OX];DZ`&^0+X[]YUDV#)K8@=83/\B?-[
M`\=+7(KE44@!*]D-@ET'F5-WJGWG7K[AAS(^#[(N^8/(O8_=0Y[N[ZS;LC\P
M75(&FRDE8!)/P%3T'C4=?#6X,W7-:]H'JA=$[1T+!MHK64ECM2A:?W:B*TH

;LION1;'7A-GS


H&N3F+3MGL=;&DOR=K-
MO'DQH5NE&*[8;8Y1M&:JN3?R]IH/I;LW3[-9NVMC)78%@K+/X[FR`_6:

MJ1\M:\]=Z7%4F89FZR8:QL.CE4]C$9+:$)50J4*FO7Q\M;S'':!FXQC*4V#T
M+FUOO







$MI&14X#E53*(/?)0!M3?\`

RY]QG
M;WKZF
S
A_"G[
MR.NLT7%K(8M9W7*V;'V3-PZ\51=1T/P](J^^AU;W$7:Y[&#H,+O*IH?6H-.\
MDW6LRC)A7UOL#;12B8HI/<(BU)[R%)Z_+37R9^
_NUN/ZD#/;$$

9.%=.!


M9U[CZI.O4K$1TDY*K#75NPT\_Z)0B*RI#J0HJ4ZG_HQU)E+`UXS[S\TGNL





M`&@@5.B)V6SOMTC`+A.NU]WVW7W#;GWO#\X@8[D46%9K#;
NQ.W7.SW+);79
`W*J8E$M_VSK5'<<^8








W]IF:LU4
M]Z([B::A0(`!HP4_MGE&1`A2W*J

EBO+0GN



B3-4VA:B
M$)84*FE3J-`B


MKN


M/;TM2[\][S-F/IH_




#8GO:UQ.#3J;LKL4@V3
]%SY[VWS&F[&<-@P`7YM_B*MWVV;L@BJR(.=U1@-`U#!
M/U_X?IN0UR!Y.HED@[([$EZBNY*R?SQ3:D]3\I;[::];<%#WG@NSDTM[

MH+UGW3`M[N;
G3V8\@75BV/E_;^P:W-N#6@:@%T$$.:#R+XZA)0JJ4GY:=0#




Q@BM`&;HD.O#


MP]SDWF

7R#(&VTE$*Q7V&YV2IB^T

M_*+RY=

MZQ+R#'





C:

W:U3(RVP$N
K955*31*DGJ*@TZC7
M&.^3@IO%_=[FENV)C\S
/4?NUD%



MGU(UYX[A^%[SONX_9G]M'VME'-1PH2PD8C`![='*LIFY;:6.\VC3O4P3JH++



MZ#5A3ZIYE;+_`+Q7^J/Y]

M_H:3^Z/\*R/#'WGH*3SBG_W+G'_PU
_MM
91_6HU^_6+^'+_`$@/H-5WQ)[7
MH/F3LT?S_P`^N_?VY6M0^HJVJRJ(T1?.U/04%!6G0=*^/Z]$5/T&?^B;_J^*

M@``^`^W1$4'P'ZAHB^%2*$=/GE^K4:J()U'



Y$GM%I04E:U



H$H
M


_+



G%F4K33P`13PUSKO8DLLJ[N
QSR8#M(PPU





#WVE6'6*8X:_`N5[_B!.


QQ?\_MJU

MUW8]XF99G$S=R:X+'0C4


M`?Z.






4`Z#



#4)4TNO/MJBSD$?5I5
6I+G5+

/P&H@X4

9O[R3!7`.J?'Z4MR$!0F@\%*^[XG[*Z^B-V!<


-B@`Q/%Z#PQZ
*D`_<5H_9HB@-X<)2/<HW?30=OK[MNT/6CB[S90I8K6BE=H_5H

M1ELJ4/F`2DJIU[NG;^DG5-CG


;$GMD=R'5W1)`?ZFOF9QW-G7XG[O9S21PU.#3AI7R

+&V[.
5!0?JT<QKG;[A5VU4PUH.\!UE[H/
MAJ8Z%

@4


MN./SD.]JFXRGF5JCRTH42\Q*0A23X@C6N9CE\%_9O;,QKCNG$BMLCP!G%[




L)8:1`@1&XD;L;
M2`$DM


`.*\!00NG@FAZ#P\:#4Q)


M1?





-?J

M9%ED






K0K[TJ2#HBK
M^W-TX;[*4\[#*K_^



MN$3W3MBI_$CEGF2
?MX:Q3?&:SEVWK/TJEVW^*YSAM\JPH#:5%A@3WTO$)(!


M84QAW&E4=Q/YI#S3)76F5$D/!VQ3D/%0-0.Y(I]VO!G_`$W..'9WD5UE4CB6
MQ2G#_;)V#;M7=[.Y;'E3W'6WR!;)SDSB5)X(\9MI(Z(3\S)-GXM]GHE*5Z5N

M`B



MH%?EBN6_'3WP_P!0LQAX9RMY[
@`T\G6:-?*NJ:WQV4):*3W*4A177S/RBM*



MX
:3


08\^[S[;(^D].[+:0\`AUFK:U*[0

)N^/B389+KC



V<?:_;#$L7*4.W*


Y)2E8\_$]0-6=Z)V1^\0Z&:5,-!.I8I],
M=#16LJ25!5?1Z))`Z!7<2#XZH7MN[B7()[-X#NUB<WF--6A2VD[F3T.D)MNX
MUD1;I[LPR@

M]=KX9S9L5M)VAQW13H6S;1V1UY#N0/HHF0GLAA0_NF^ZI*?OIKWK_P!.SN%A

#$TT]#_














M)4W2VS
6Q#9JU;:69HQCZT%4&TE

M20/_`
(8VBE!IH*FM`5\POB9O(G\8
AD^[&

M:&TUM!7
OOGRIWUV1YX;@WK(
EW^1B-LW!MF
W?#+!@MRRC9Z-A-]Q:0WA&3


MANM=KABURD6S!+]/GR(VW

U%L?-W^LN393=LT
MOMGM61V[=6VHCY'D%C=R9;*9F2VWL0TW+



ME=PB9%;


MBW`*X\F-J

)XS:]K=K(U[PV-<=LI+YL&7.OSG')EM^GLZU)?CA[]X[^\<B*Z





W$M[=F7D\

MW.;N-ES5PEQ;5M\^['M18APYC*0X'5`+`1XZO;Z)]Q#V3L8Z4HKB.YFB]0T4





N4




M3'O22!_J%K5A#4


CY8]UV\S!RU^I<:.T*OHID:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$D6]V].WNP&VV1;J[J
MWYO&L%QB,AZ\7<L.RG&\ZEEE+

M[W'O5MM.YF1W&/AERNF%9'$C7&3=LQNBF&'Y#\-+$9+JY22E5:&H'AHBZ?)F
M0

M)V?WLA[D7:;MSA^+6N+?LLB8/E$RU1)=OFRVU1F942$IAY*%@]RZ^.B+J*VP

+SB(Q=
8O/TTB

#8)<]O%Y3(<F6R*[&4I+
98*

&Z--2
M`M24&E!HB99[J?








8O'&];W8O9H&X3UPNFWS&0X?E4*#8[M*8AW1NX6V7-`G0XSC!]*.A:

ML*9N.




=HSCBF8^V

MN9/G!3L@U[5!0_#J-$[-4+#[T7


M
SQ*]8A


M





M@9'\S\=;*V66\IOOIE;0-$K*G.H\P*ZNHM`YU:7D5923B4ZEGUG*'U*40TZR


ND;@
M
Y)!W#MF91H33$B'G$6PFQW3)HD-L^BP9S3B_P!U0H255`T1)_@'LT[=X'L1
M+X]N[T[@Y)@
B1FDLBY6V/(FL1L_NMINEQM[
M20^6/K[(IP`?W?=TT1)7$]

+.
W?MMGC7:+=


T?L]MQJTR;LTW=+_`'=R\7%1M5OB
M.H;^KD

FB0.JJC1%T?NMMO*2)!4PEIQ;E$J*$O--
GTEJ[:$H1XT/0'1%&;

R7)[UR20)T2ZEL2(+K@HEU*#1Q%4
MD4.B)D:_9

MVNX`/!:A5^HIJ!T'F11J^Y)M9N%L3(XJ;-;@9A#SZ\X+LK*L%^S%`:@O9/
M;(%V9BVV(;?V^FT(T=QA2:=0M!5XZVGAN*EB2-J@NO';VU0)&WVV[LIF.)1P
M?'V&7`RTXM#1M40RXS4IY!6H3$H2E0\T_?K6[J/_`!CJ_.*F6SVK;'!+)'DL






MF9I[6F)#&KN]FX[0K=U5HGS`[ON.K?



MEB2Q
SK;N*_'E
M2([C#N4V]#J%LO)6VH+2JA!!!T18+W`MLMN[/Q&S.=;
`
MPJ!.@RL%
&;;\4L$27$4K)[*RIR/(9MZ76G*.*^8'Q.B)V651U#8*^/`J)1L










WQRV95B-TY&0V[ICEYB-


7NLC'







M-.


M)@.P+C(BIC/*;EQVWGDJ:2M:4AG*A\M=;X7N[F(%]U+@#=WAI2Y
+[U.
M]*=BRC[^O4G].NDAV\*JQJ3B5I.XB(KV




\WCRC
M-LBQOC]BN2%UG&
;SBU72\/-2



+*AUU@LSGN(82V



@C

S[H;DY/FN.67+[5C5AMK7&8!@B8\ZVZSZS@


I?VT.^_VE
=B

MN]1H-$2B^YINA9







MYDNVMP'=LDQ?3K





N;G][:
FB)\0620.GC_




QC
LN@M#


M*T=:2`OJ2ARJ2$D'Y#\1Y5U,-G&A

M]-6MQH;SE0O/U%B.8I(W




M!V7;/99S#..NW)]*66\@N;[Q^FCJ4%OI22FIH-$5Y[Q.[L+9_CGMGN[(LUPR


Z[R]5ED#O4D%11HBE+V]S)S.L




-WN


%*2PI'I-A+02\NB




8:TD\@30:)8X*OW44_P!I
MN*@U\@&_$?;TUD.&[GWF$EOJAJE-?$LYK8U21HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HBUW*+G%

JQ:Y6:?#SS;N:R\Q.QR_6Y+ZHG\669!7^7N=OK
MJ!)^5.



M

2


M@A2?E*2`/#1%NT*^0YK+$V(\S

0

I'HV[.+BU5CZ\@
M.I1U!KK#1@J)3[]L=KL
!H1Y=#
M]FHG1T*(8&]8:UY<'44)_P`B-6,FD<R@]QIN[5R]\6O_BV^XXZH!9'.:_)2

N=V]TZ%V`:I8;4W^[5'
5*02?))4?N'CHB;WR3WXMO'?97-][KIBF3YK9<&M;ERG8[AT

)Q3.X=JNMD@9ACMKR&):+]#




MR&2S%M


^LD*3;



MQ;::&B7@/DH:ZW/@L3PV.(J'-UJG.
MT1.H


M\[?VS

F

M\KV

@-AYB;*N$%3&2VI:4KK5(T1/WX

U8;\.NB)/K=P#YMV.^;LXIOMM7GN]

C

M)8_R+PZN-;FX\/\`:):=M;DXU-M%YR6;;Y.`*BO





MIML]T#EMO=`R#*]I

M^/8/A^46ZOWZ^
W_`%









A*4J*^PCK71%JNZ

8R41[+-6OZ*Z)#B4R0ZT4T[$-J)5U

MI-S4WT%3Z1\]$4U#4@3(_J


J:]HKVD]2FOA]FB*
MJ.G31%05XGI_6.I(F@AX.LE&NH:'0DQSK`&,PBR([CS;$\'U[-<BRA4NSRT?
M,EZ.]0+[%*'5%0*:Y-G6037.:'=%6D^=7L<H`Q27M[IOXJE[$LL9D3LWM$5#
M4!,-E9:R=3I]&*[!H#+`(]5(J$@5KJWS#WR*`98:TC&ZJ+96^\NVU6V;;8#



#KZ72H4/+K37

MP4*4((-/$:M\^L'W$+GMV*:
T2:26)N
7EM^&P@V*65JEM-I[3&?(Z.H[?QE

MI1I37

M1`A)5\DA'2CM3T%=7-W:R9SFS7/Q82JEM
`RK3@`G%V.RQK%!@VNWQ6(MOMS




L6XU[)8GN1;OH
\Q?;/%;

M2@$H3^[;*E$N=B55(`4!^C1$/6=!2T\M]U;T5#RVU=SB6P\JJT.?3MN(:6$+

MSR9#+TE
)!4S&[:N5[`=$48_$OW(G=Z]Z=FMG

M)4'&

=G[Q8\2+'X+

M35=2H^.B)S6U7*6WYUF0&YG![!L#W5P;C]==]W\QM]NL5\QN);IWU
BV1L?R



%F-

MK'DL!'Y



MIKO#9JHD
X'$*]WSW6NTU2]9]A%I\^Q*


WO&\%BL\^]Q9.Q]L



1X
M7/`Z-7-RVN7NU1F*.M=A4&J=:]=$3
%_<O;

C\YFVEYAN$XOTW$!*2BAIHBZ(N)/(K!^3NS
M^(;NX):
GQFQWEC\GB6'

RV2+M!AW!ZPW

WZK$NQPGYV5-1/72B0)-MM<=;R@
ME)[4(4KP22,9/DT5S=.NW.]8UI31TU4!02&365N&VG,CC-N;G%IVPVWWIPG,
MLQO^/?Q=8\=L]R%PN<W%^SK?5!`J8CCX4GN/@1UZ]-9&VLH;8=72JDCQ(`-


!L<;8

MRR*RM?=J[W+H4K'!F%.KL7G\Q90IP]P2EUSO:2MQOTT!);G2A+:7G0H?+7


I24-QG$GYJO!0\O


4'J[%LZ);!;ZK+92D.E+@HOT?%+I`*J
M(7Y$ZRUS&Z=H:T[N(.U'G?-5=(EM+#9J07$J4@*!05!%.]02L)5V)KXTU54%

ML`TT18*7'CQVG[C





?GXYMVG;:Q2XT=IUZV8BB4)7Y0PIQ*B4N

M7:*MU34K&'W5K*(9_=MAQ0`ZZ(MBL_M2\/
?SZU[AV':.):+Y9+?=+?:X$*Y


B.W/;0IEF+D4+N)%

$W3V]7_P[
M5[I


?*F

QW7*+GDN&6J*I-G5EJV([AC


M2

M[M[BW;==C)L]_

M#

K6W'*.V^

M=H+S1:41VN-NMO%#S2@H$+1W)Z^.B*Y=R2S-+6VNZ6[O;95(6@W(%LM(BI

G+
;B/PNPRX\C(K
Q*C(=4E+3S[#DX



M6(`

MF[IE6#R5MXO*1BK]7'6(3,-M1(JKTUD5U8]O+M4$EF*X1FT&S8=@NXO'W-
XQ\F0%(QA=VA1$2@A93]5W$#QU'MY=J
M+H:]LGDWMCO7LG8-N<&M^XELR/:2T,8WF3&=81=L5;W;WS#N42%-N:4M75J
M!(2I+3C/R+:`(U
:





+4[$``:EO.
(

M`A:D

)$%Q










:GQ&'W





M/E2GT-NMM)*4)`(\]$4M6V&_NU.[4W)[9MMFEBR^7A$\67
(]ADM2HUGNCC3
M3X@N/H)29*8SR7:)/X3HB7B


8*=B06E@5V$NB*INUPU]S++
O-_V&



.FB*:QH%+3:22HI;054[




Y#

^!20$1&6UN^LD%06Y51K]^H&
:M**)CW2

MAN%1JHW

.VIRX6IF4L^M&MTCZ4
MKB,AA2D!*/CHBO;=M]BUF5$9MF,8_;X4$R_I6H%DMT'Z=5P+IF.1PPPE,5QP
M.E)*#525*KXZ(L+`V9VYMD6);;;@N$P;;$D2Y+,.+B]J99$F0ZZ\S)#*8WII
MEL/O+671\ZEK43U4=$5*=LMM[-?;EW?`<%O5P8<0]F3<2L[AA.I06*Q@(H[








M








EQML





-X1?+9

R@_FEGVL7N!=(MH


MSVE0JR3W\5MMEB9?;EL-KL-N;6JV
/-/.-K



DB?9KQ!NL
M`B(IM*P9L&2_%]0EP4`77XTU/V;B


GQ&K=]K([$4ISJ0N`.*YSO;ULEFN%]]V
M^^S+>V]?



?M.B+X4=R_4^3U/)2D%1



MV/;EY&;_+Q_D/F
;4@$!-%I<2!HB:

XZ(LAH
MB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$6-N7S-%(4X$J(#;965*%*2G]/;HBAD
M]R3++RNP3;RT[;;@;`RKUM)N_'8W!8W$R*WN0L<@WNVS




MTQA:?\/(BO()26WFOF%/$==5T6T@UZC1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(OE10'
MJ*_$&OZM$7W1$W[DQ@.




?




JQI:T$C7UZTKT+VEQ%E67/X2WV!N
M]V=?EBIR8=^A9CMECV:P[?+MYR_&8-]


UDY





MARBXPW)2CU5@H4:&FB)5LF]J7D9@^X.X\3#-D
5WMPZ_8/LP[:+I=LV:PJ+?








MS7W'$7+:/&GUK)`0N0W;&Q1(K_5(UXX^-G@VUX:X^R)C6;MOOB2HVD`NUG6O
M

MDKK1V\WW6(C`C]0;5
9F.91I70:U4IZ_&@_0`/Y1KKU'#UM*MSI57101HB-$
M1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$

1
MR:_P-Z.+%AQ-VV8M@4R[Y+#N%ENB(*L_C*N..VRY7.;%+B;8VH);4RX1Z2U5


M^#9BO'56-ZYQG'A'G3XP^I;70H6E5$UT1:GN1[[:-G[0QD&YO&_(8ULM5AL$



MQSK9.9E]VD\69]QVOQ^;A%MMF:/;B8\^9DS+L@GV&2$L1YZW):DNVQ]4=(%%


YRCXR9G


MZ+'N8;(=3Q_$LYESW58/U?TI+_=FM
6#B7&Z);6VV&/XFRAQQE(`]22JW]RW
MS_5)[R3KD/PBY\S





MC1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1%:RTI4T.])6A+K:E(2*J/:L




M1T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B+Y0'Q`T1?:4\-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1



M8-LB1\DR


M'(8FUJ\ZO&DS]V5]H6389AY2B(EZRYZ

M
J<1S%52


M&018]DO;MSLV06Z\H90W_BXC?IN-&J@54!KHB;:_[$W+&=G4S+IN^^&NVBY7


MC1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(BNB(T1%0?`UT1%1\=$1HB-$144K7I\


[GDT#;:XYS<DS/XFN<!B=8
:B//2_21'

M'96X-XIE=XRVPL35WJ#N
T\J)`N+LM06N$XKU&0H@CIJI-
V3JMHH!8KV?TM


A5M3J1&B(T1&B(
MT1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1?*CIU'7PZ^/W?'1%]T1&B(J/CHB-$7GN3
M4#N%3XNB+UHB-$7RHK2O7X:(OM1\?#Q^S1$:(OE1\1^O1$=R:@5%36@KXT\


M[=6ZF?[V\6]J]R-R;S$RC);Q8Y*9^80K6]96
R+5P6U&OC-I?0AR.PMAI/8:



I3\)5GKY:(FG2^%6SD_;W;#;7
MG3\1VI?OC^/6^<XEYGUK]`NUKN#\MMQDI?EQV;LLLN&I!\#HB;9C/M<[=XG


Q)K$QM[
M&
;@3$O*C8Q.FS5ONM`U0Y0@@:M+HD






M2VD=IW$Y(Q]&RFW;U30.]04PTK69`T.HW2NB1K\`^\ZZ!`YKH6;I!HT#IHJ1
MK7%5=55!&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T18P34-F0L
5[2@=U



M_P/P[G;\?NV4X];[S,M$.YLEF=%@*F1WV66)#2J*A4Z(KFU;&[96+'(F&8



M(T14'14II\1_*=$4


MN
2-M1C4JX3$VIF;NG:24.)A2XK91&(H%OD&G31$Y/8NP;R95QCBO99R;WRV









B9P



AJ
TAI/13PJ



M39MMJR-2L0S*-DOI]U\O]UNI['(.Y3@Z4ZZ(L+MESTYR[C;587=\6W2LUU@
MX$O(]TLMWR'`F\;F[W[;6S-H6(
]6UOOS(K3SSUO6H!;T.0I7J-.'KV*`\M$2A#Q4?+I_
M)HB]:(C1$:(OBD]P(/G_`$UT14TM)20?A]_].B*KHB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1
MHB-$1HBI.=W<CM\?F\?T:(FH<F^'^Q_+6#AMNWUQ%S*8V`Y/&RC%6VKI-M*H
M]XC+2\TJ1)MKC;[]M?6TA#[SV.)&B+!?[EO']%CRNTIVSL;<;+41UWZ)'0A
MJ/='K8I

4_1(HB1]5:)3K/;X#U*^6B)K][9'$G)<]F
M[DW+;1A623=IW]EW6A=YZ;)'P5R']%'$6VJ)1`OL6.KM^L;HZE/1)T1:M:_:
M@X=6_;K;3:Y.V:IN/;19TSN3AK=[R*YW:X?Q0V[V=EXN+RU2KI9GHC*4!E]2
MD@=`.FB)5

T]N3LK;XMIVVOC<ZX16H-LM
MC#$2R


M&
VV;)N?U
/))



);7W]W.W
_442BI
MXKC7TZ(%*TZ:^)__49O9+7O)LXR:1O@9R:P%T'A.$-B[0:22IGVFT-ICL%H


@AF^241E4HVS1(Z#1$N6^W`'C_`

MVMEDV+!K1=7NYG'S/C-


KS+O6684HE7HRL7O2

M9E'\)4=$6XIH``D42!T^^NB+UHB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$
M1HB-$1HB-$5OZ??U^'3_`Z'XZ(CT/M_R_5HB])1V$#XU_D^X:(JVB(T1&B*





MV^'Z#KC'$&9._*62LMM





B0YT2E+





LK2DGR*T_\DJ3_-K-V4W;
M=J=DSAX%C7:5=ZO5*C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$
M:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$
M:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$:(C1$



P$-VE6V8<2



=J]ZF4R-$1H
MB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1H
MB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1H
MB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$1HB-$7PZI2EP;U0:J(5`J2
M#U3]_3_-JV91SJ2X#E_2H\RPTQJ`N4RX^XPF2CN*$%:$K5$-.]+J#U4V#\12
MNKBTDGADD#6ET&J@)YJ:JU5:-TC6]4$CD7/-S:XL_P##Q[T;P3[KRXW0X2X3
MNY%7

M$F

M9
9-]R#$[_D




M]J(IM4Q\R]:BH(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T
K1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B(T1&B+__V3\_
`
end










     





CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 






 Serena B. Potash
 certify that:




    
    

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    

    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;

    
    

    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    

    
&nbsp;Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    

    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    

    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    

    
    

 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting.&nbsp;






    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





 2015




    














     





CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER







Bio-En Holdings Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2014 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 Serena B. Potash
 President of the Company
 certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:




    
The Annual Report
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    

    
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    

        

Officer)&nbsp;
    

    
    
    
    



 2015


    





































      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      


      



    




        


        




    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  




  
  
  

  


  

  


  
  
  

  



  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 &amp;#150; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;Bio-En Holdings Corp (formerly Olivia Inc) is a Delaware company (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)
 incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 2
 2011. The Company intends to be a world leader of setting the standard for waste to bio-fuel technologies. The Company is planning
 designing and executing agreements to build
 operate and maintain a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta
 contingent on funding.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;Effective August 21
 2014
 the Company filed with the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company's name from Olivia
 Inc. to Bio-En Holdings Corp.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;On August 21
 2014
 Bio-En Corp merged with
 and into Bio-En Holdings Corp (formerly Olivia Inc); with Bio-En Corp being the surviving entity of the merger and changing its name to Bio-En Holdings Corp. This transaction closed on September 10
 2014; each issued and outstanding share of common stock of Bio En Corp
 was converted into &lt;font&gt;one&lt;/font&gt; share of common stock in Bio-En Holding Corp.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The completion of the Share Exchange/Merger Agreement resulted in a change of control. The Share Exchange was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization
 with Bio En Corp regarded as the accounting acquirer
 since Bio En Corp Shareholders collectively beneficially owned approximately &lt;font&gt;89.6&lt;/font&gt;% of the Common Stock immediately after the Exchange.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company maintains its accounting records on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&amp;#147;U.S. GAAP&amp;#148;).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;These financial statements are presented in US dollars.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year End&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Corporation has adopted a fiscal year end of December 31.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented

 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at December 31
 2014
 the Company has a working capital deficit of $&lt;font&gt;367
408&lt;/font&gt;
 a net loss of $&lt;font&gt;226
681&lt;/font&gt; and has not earned any revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31

 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and development of its business plan. In response to these problems

 among others

 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks


 Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company does not own any property

 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis

 &amp;#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#148;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset

000&lt;/font&gt;. Royalties are payable within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. The first minimum royalty payment of $&lt;font&gt;330
000&lt;/font&gt; (including of VAT) is due 30 days after the first anniversary following the Company receiving initial project development funding
 client contract or initiation of engineering and shall be due annually thereafter. Royalties are expensed in the statements of operation in the period that the related revenues are recognized

 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company accounts for share&amp;#150;based payments granted to non&amp;#150;employees in accordance with ASC 505, &amp;#147;Equity Based Payments to Non&amp;#150;Employees&amp;#148;. The Company determines the fair value of the stock&amp;#150;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used, it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached, or (2) the date at which the counterparty's performance is complete.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&amp;#147;EPS&amp;#148;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares, which comprise convertible compensation to employees.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;Common stock equivalents totaling, &lt;font&gt;7,500&lt;/font&gt; on December 31, 2014 were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share on the statement of operations due to the fact that the Company reported a net loss in 2014 and to do so would be anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&amp;#147;ASC 740-10-25&amp;#148;). Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company measures assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements, which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability, as the case may be, in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs, used in valuation techniques, are assigned a hierarchical level.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The following are the hierarchical levels of inputs to measure fair value:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;- Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;- Level 2: Other significant observable inputs (including quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments);&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;- Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs (including assumptions in determining the fair value of certain investments).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Standards Updates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;In June 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2014-10&amp;#151;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation. ASU 2014-10 eliminates several of the reporting requirements for development stage entities, including the requirement to present inception to date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder equity, and to label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity. ASU 2014-10 also clarifies that the guidance in ASC Topic 275 Risks and Uncertainties, is applicable to entities that have not commenced principal operations, and eliminates an exception to the sufficiency-of-equity risk criterion for development stage entities, and will require all reporting entities that have an interest in development stage enterprises to apply consistent consolidation guidance for variable interest entities. ASU 2014-10 is effective for all annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, with early adoption permitted. The Company has elected to early adopt these amendments and accordingly has not labelled the financial statements as those of a development stage entity and has not presented inception-to-date information on the respective financial statements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;In August 2014, FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15 &amp;#147;Preparation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&amp;#148; ASU 2014-15 is intended to define management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Specifically, ASU 2014-15 provides a definition of the term substantial doubt and requires an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). It also requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management's plans and requires an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated. The new standard will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company will evaluate the going concern considerations in this ASU, however, at the current period, management does not believe that it has met conditions which would subject these financial statements for additional disclosure.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div id='EdgarSAA123457890000' style=font-family : 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Going concern&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at December 31, 2014, the Company has a working capital deficit of $&lt;font&gt;367,408&lt;/font&gt;, a net loss of $&lt;font&gt;226,681&lt;/font&gt; and has not earned any revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31, 2015.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The ability of the Company to realize its business plan is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div id='EdgarSAA123457890000' style=font-family : 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div id='EdgarSAA123457890000' style=font-family : 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risks and Uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company intends to operate in an industry that is subject to rapid change. The Company's operations will be subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial, operational, technological, regulatory and other risks, including the potential of business failure.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div id='EdgarSAA123457890000' style=font-family : 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;Cash and equivalents include investments with initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $&lt;font&gt;250,000&lt;/font&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div id='EdgarSAA123457890000' style=font-family : 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company does not own any property, plant and equipment.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div id='EdgarSAA123457890000' style=font-family : 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;Identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives, generally on a straight-line basis, and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div id='EdgarSAA123457890000' style=font-family : 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses are carried at amortized cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the end of the financial year that are unpaid and arise when the Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div id='EdgarSAA123457890000' style=font-family : 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;Under Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 310, &amp;#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#148;, the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived, long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div id='EdgarSAA123457890000' style=font-family : 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Share Based Payments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company recognizes compensation expense for all equity&amp;#150;based payments in accordance with ASC 718 &amp;#147;Share-based payments. Under fair value recognition provisions

 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award

 &amp;#147;Equity Based Payments to Non&amp;#150;Employees&amp;#148;. The Company determines the fair value of the stock&amp;#150;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used
 it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached


 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&amp;#147;EPS&amp;#148;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares

 &lt;font&gt;7
500&lt;/font&gt; on December 31


 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25

  
  

 which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2014-10&amp;#151;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements
 Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation. ASU 2014-10 eliminates several of the reporting requirements for development stage entities
 including the requirement to present inception to date information in the statements of income
 cash flows
 and shareholder equity
 and to label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity. ASU 2014-10 also clarifies that the guidance in ASC Topic 275 Risks and Uncertainties
 is applicable to entities that have not commenced principal operations
 and eliminates an exception to the sufficiency-of-equity risk criterion for development stage entities
 and will require all reporting entities that have an interest in development stage enterprises to apply consistent consolidation guidance for variable interest entities. ASU 2014-10 is effective for all annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014

 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15 &amp;#147;Preparation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&amp;#148; ASU 2014-15 is intended to define management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Specifically
 ASU 2014-15 provides a definition of the term substantial doubt and requires an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). It also requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management's plans and requires an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated. The new standard will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 with early adoption permitted. The Company will evaluate the going concern considerations in this ASU
 however
 at the current period

  
  

000&lt;/font&gt;. Royalties are payable within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. The first minimum royalty payment of $&lt;font&gt;330
000&lt;/font&gt; (including of VAT) is due 30 days after the first anniversary following the Company receiving initial project development funding
 client contract or initiation of engineering and shall be due annually thereafter. Royalties are expensed in the statements of operation in the period that the related revenues are recognized

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  

&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 &amp;#150; PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The following table summarizes purchased intangible assets as of December 31
 2014. Intangible assets include costs of the initial license to use patented technologies in Malta
 related to the conversion of cellulose materials into energy producing Ethanol.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=border-collapse: collapse; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100%; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt; &lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-size: 10.0pt; align=center&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=18 style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt; &lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-size: 10.0pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; align=center&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=4 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Gross&lt;br/&gt; Carrying&lt;br/&gt; Amount&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-size: 10.0pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; align=center&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Accumulated&lt;br/&gt; Amortization&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-size: 10.0pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; align=center&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=4 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Net&lt;br/&gt; Carrying&lt;br/&gt; Amount&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-size: 10.0pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; align=center&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt; Average&lt;br/&gt; Useful&lt;br/&gt; Life&lt;br/&gt; (in&lt;br/&gt; Years)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=1 style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center; align=right&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=1 style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center; align=right&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=1 style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center; align=right&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; colspan=1 align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-decoration: underline; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Finite lived intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;License rights&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;279
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;(15
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;264
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;14.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Total identifiable intangible assets&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;279
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;(15
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;264
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;On March 23
 2014
 the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement in Malta for the acquisition of the rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into energy producing Ethanol. The purchase price includes; a partial initial payment of &lt;font&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;% of the common stock of the Company and $&lt;font&gt;330
000&lt;/font&gt; (including VAT) payable in cash.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2014 the Company performed an impairment review of its intangible asset. Undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset were compared to the carrying value of the asset. The undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset were greater than the carrying value of the asset
 and as a result &lt;font&gt;no&lt;/font&gt; impairment was recorded during the year&amp;#160;ended December 31
 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;

023&lt;/font&gt; during 2014. The estimated future amortization expense of purchased intangible assets as of December 31
 2013
 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=border-collapse: collapse; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100%; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt; &lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Estimated&lt;br/&gt; Amortization&lt;br/&gt; Expense&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px 10px 0px 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;19
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;19
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;19
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;19
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;19
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;168
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Total&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;264
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;



&lt;table style=border-collapse: collapse; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100%; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt; &lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-size: 10.0pt; align=center&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=18 style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt; &lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-size: 10.0pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; align=center&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=4 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Gross&lt;br/&gt; Carrying&lt;br/&gt; Amount&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-size: 10.0pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; align=center&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Accumulated&lt;br/&gt; Amortization&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-size: 10.0pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; align=center&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=4 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Net&lt;br/&gt; Carrying&lt;br/&gt; Amount&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-size: 10.0pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; align=center&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt; Average&lt;br/&gt; Useful&lt;br/&gt; Life&lt;br/&gt; (in&lt;br/&gt; Years)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=1 style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center; align=right&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=1 style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center; align=right&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=1 style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center; align=right&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; colspan=1 align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-decoration: underline; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Finite lived intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;License rights&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;279
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;(15
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;264
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;14.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Total identifiable intangible assets&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;279
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;(15
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;font&gt;264
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; font-size: 10.0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; align=left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;table style=border-collapse: collapse; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100%; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt; &lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Estimated&lt;br/&gt; Amortization&lt;br/&gt; Expense&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px 10px 0px 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;19
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;19
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;19
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;19
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;19
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;168
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Total&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;264
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  



&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;December&lt;br/&gt; 31&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=text-align: center; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;2014&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 85%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;License rights&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font&gt;279
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;


 Inc a Delaware Corporation and licensor of exclusive rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into energy producing Ethanol. The above loan is unsecured
 bears no interest and is repayable once the Company has raised $&lt;font&gt;10
000
000&lt;/font&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



&lt;table style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;December&lt;br/&gt; 31&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=text-align: center; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;2014&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 85%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;License rights&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font&gt;279
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  

 2014 the Company entered into a Share Exchange / Merger Agreement
 between Bio-En Holdings Corp f/k/a Olivia
 Inc a Delaware corporation
 Serena B. Potash (the Principal Shareholder) and Bio-En Corp
 a Delaware corporation. On August 21
 2014 (the &amp;#147;Closing Date&amp;#148;) we filed a certificate of merger in the State of Delaware whereby Bio-En Corp merged with Bio-En Holdings Corp

 Ms. Potash
 the Agreement provided for; the cancellation by Ms. Potash of &lt;font&gt;6
024

 all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bio-En Corp at August 21
 2014 were exchanged for &lt;font&gt;28
980

 2014 to March 31
 2014
 the Company issued &lt;font&gt;4
409
196&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock at $&lt;font&gt;0.0001&lt;/font&gt; per share for $&lt;font&gt;441&lt;/font&gt;

 2014 the Company issued &lt;font&gt;2
548
853&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock at $&lt;font&gt;0.0001&lt;/font&gt; per share for $&lt;font&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;

 2014 and March 31
 2014 the Company issued &lt;font&gt;23
041
951&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock to related parties at $&lt;font&gt;0.0001&lt;/font&gt; per share for $&lt;font&gt;2

 2014
 an officer of the Company paid operating expenses on behalf of the Company totaling $&lt;font&gt;133
454&lt;/font&gt;

 2014
 the Company entered into a Share Exchange and Merger Agreement with Bio-En Holdings Corp
 a Delaware Corporation. Pursuant to the agreement the principal shareholder of Bio-En Holdings Corp owning an aggregate of &lt;font&gt;7
894
625&lt;/font&gt; shares of Bio-En Holding Corp common stock
 agreed to cancel &lt;font&gt;6
024

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 &amp;#150; INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The provision / (benefit) for income taxes for the year ended December 31
 2014 differs from the amount which would be expected as a result of applying the statutory tax rates to the losses before income taxes due primarily to changes in the valuation allowance to fully reserve net deferred tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to be available to reduce taxable income.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100%;&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt; &lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=text-align: center; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;December &lt;br/&gt; 31&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt; &lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;2014&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px 10px 0px 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Pre-tax loss as reported&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;(226
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 10px; white-space: nowrap;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;U.S. statutory tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 10px; white-space: nowrap;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Expected tax expense (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;77
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td width=100% style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;77
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;(77
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 10px; white-space: nowrap;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td width=100% style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company has provided a valuation allowance against the full amount of the deferred tax asset due to management's uncertainty about its realization. As of December 31
 2014
 the Company had approximately $&lt;font&gt;226
681&lt;/font&gt; in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income
 and expire by the year 2033.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  


&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 100%;&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt; &lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=text-align: center; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;December &lt;br/&gt; 31&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt; &lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;2014&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px 10px 0px 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;$&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: left; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Pre-tax loss as reported&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;(226
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 10px; white-space: nowrap;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;U.S. statutory tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 10px; white-space: nowrap;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Expected tax expense (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;77
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td width=100% style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;77
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; width=100%&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;(77
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; border-bottom: #000000 1pt solid !important; vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 10px; white-space: nowrap;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td width=100% style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; padding: 0px; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;font&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; padding: 0px; border-bottom: #000000 2.80pt double !important; white-space: nowrap; padding-right: 5px; padding-left: 5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 8&amp;#150; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;Details of transactions between the Company and related parties are disclosed below:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;The following entities have been identified as related parties :&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class=CursorPointer&gt;
&lt;table style=border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt; width: 100%; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 35%; font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Ms. Serena Potash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 65%; font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;- President/director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Mr. Bruce Minsky&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;- Company secretary&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Mr. Peter Hurrell&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;- Vice president and greater than 10% stockholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Mr. Geoffrey McLaren&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;- Director and greater than 10% stockholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Mr. Joseph Micalle&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;- Director and greater than 10% stockholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;GeneSyst International Inc&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;- Related company shareholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;December&lt;br/&gt; 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;The following transactions were carried out with related parties:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; font-style: italic; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Balance sheet:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 85%; font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Loan from related party - director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;font&gt;28
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;From time to time
 the president and stockholder of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These advances bear no interest and are due on demand.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Accounts payable - Directors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;font&gt;7
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;On December 1
 2014
 the Company entered into a director service agreement. With Serena B. Potash
 Chairman of the Board/Director
 Geoffrey McLaren
 Director and Joseph Micalle
 Director.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company will pay each Director $&lt;font&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt; per calendar year
 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors taking quarterly fee in cash
 the Corporation may
 at the election of the Directors
 pay the Directors in shares of the common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion price of each issuance is calculated by the average of the closing prices per share of the Corporations' common stock on the &lt;font&gt;five&lt;/font&gt; consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding end of the calendar quarter discounted by &lt;font&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2014
 &lt;font&gt;no&lt;/font&gt; shares were issued and the Company recorded accrued compensation of $&lt;font&gt;7
500&lt;/font&gt; for the month of December for &lt;font&gt;three&lt;/font&gt; Directors at $&lt;font&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt; each.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Other payable - GeneSyst&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;font&gt;279
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;On March 23
 2014 the Company purchased license rights from GeneSyst International Inc for $&lt;font&gt;330
000&lt;/font&gt;
 more fully described in note 5.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; font-style: italic; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Income Statement:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Compensation expense - Directors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;font&gt;7
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Directors' compensation expense consists of monthly salary of $&lt;font&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt; per director.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  



&lt;table style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;December&lt;br/&gt; 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;The following transactions were carried out with related parties:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; font-style: italic; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Balance sheet:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 85%; font-family: 'times new roman'; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Loan from related party - director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;font&gt;28
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;From time to time
 the president and stockholder of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These advances bear no interest and are due on demand.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Accounts payable - Directors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;font&gt;7
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;On December 1
 2014
 the Company entered into a director service agreement. With Serena B. Potash
 Chairman of the Board/Director
 Geoffrey McLaren
 Director and Joseph Micalle
 Director.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company will pay each Director $&lt;font&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt; per calendar year
 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors taking quarterly fee in cash
 the Corporation may
 at the election of the Directors
 pay the Directors in shares of the common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion price of each issuance is calculated by the average of the closing prices per share of the Corporations' common stock on the &lt;font&gt;five&lt;/font&gt; consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding end of the calendar quarter discounted by &lt;font&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2014
 &lt;font&gt;no&lt;/font&gt; shares were issued and the Company recorded accrued compensation of $&lt;font&gt;7
500&lt;/font&gt; for the month of December for &lt;font&gt;three&lt;/font&gt; Directors at $&lt;font&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt; each.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Other payable - GeneSyst&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;font&gt;279
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;On March 23
 2014 the Company purchased license rights from GeneSyst International Inc for $&lt;font&gt;330
000&lt;/font&gt;
 more fully described in note 5.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'; font-style: italic; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Income Statement:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Compensation expense - Directors&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&lt;font&gt;7
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;Directors' compensation expense consists of monthly salary of $&lt;font&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt; per director.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman';&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 10 &amp;#150; COMMITMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Independent Contractor Consulting Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company entered into a Consulting Agreement on March 23
 2014 with GeneSyst International Inc
 to provide Technical Support Services in the field of gravity pressure vessel application and related matters.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company agreed to retain the GeneSyst to work as its independent contractor for a minimum annual retainer fee of $&lt;font&gt;150
000&lt;/font&gt;. Consulting services commence upon the successful raising of $&lt;font&gt;10
000
000&lt;/font&gt; and commencement of construction of a bio-mass to energy facility on the Island of Malta.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



















































































































































































































































































    


    

    


    

    


    


    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    



 $0.0001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 32
350
003 shares issued and outstanding at September 30











    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    


    

    


    

    


    





    





    


    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    



 Value



000



    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    












    


    


    


    


    


    






 Shares



    





    


 Value



    

    


    

    

    

    


    








    

    


    


    






    


    

    

    

    

    

    



 Net












 Related Parties




 Related Parties




 Classified



    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    


 $0.0001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 32
350
003 shares issued and outstanding at December 31


    






















    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    









    


    


    


    

    










    





    

    


    

    



 Equity Issuance









    





    


    

    


    

    

    

    





    


    


    

    
















    

    






    

    


    


    





    


    


    


    





    


    

    


    

    


    


    















 Shares



    


    

    


    


 Stock Split



    

    


    


    





    

    

    


    

    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    


 an entity has a working capital deficiency






    

    





    

    








    








    


    

    

    


    

    

    















 Finite-Lived




 Services


    




    

    

    

    





    


    









    





    

    



 Net
 Amortization Expense




 Amortization Expense




 Amortization Expense




 Amortization Expense




 Amortization Expense




 Amortization Expense




 Amortization Expense






    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    






    


    













    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    








    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    

    





    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    



 Earnings Threshold Before Repayment


    

    



 Value




 Shares




 Noncash Financial or Equity Instrument Consideration




 Value



    

    

    


    

    

    

    




    




    

    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items


















    

    

    

    

    

    





    

    








    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    






    


    


    


    


    


    

    

















    





    


    





    

    

    







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 0001144204-15-022448-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`
ATC486081-Y$@```)Y`P`1`!P`;VQI82TR
#$T
3(S
2YX






M]$G[4KZ
XQ`%YV4\/

VIN4B
M`9\5&)?

G'DP!Y5L=&@@T^[.&Z



).%88R^X#EWL?T\LN02Y





M#U]$YO-#B_!74^59H#&]TQY?S557K8Z[^:*J](F;^:*J]!BR^NJ?+=I-&I
MU3N[D
:3V/09#WG


MFUNA#6M/*
)FM?%B:Y









A



M*K]CIP\3%LK
B&[+S!/N6%P-UHV6XB[AVX6:.ZWFWP:2O

\/4D$.


NM`/

M0%X
T@PIOW6=



U21/
3'KS@B=DBG+SR/TUO)4Z3
M9EWHKA?S.ST-`LSR

M]&WM:F2S'TY47\YX*[?;N(+08K[LDN$]6?C*,XPL&H3H6HGD,O(K*7^,Q[

/'0FPQNV


MB


BE/F/0$G^`A'4Q1*UC)1?B*!)
W\#B?`BN@

'

\R#?@0#J&/\


=E#OKI

M\T4`:$L)P

:
\)?LO7!/[O)$%@EM1*I5:K5??4W9
SZ
ML&;





M$FAI`SCHJ[1$PUA$@0X`^464FJC.L)B.(G@`EL(_C98S-L$\O=-FLKE29KRI



M


MZE1H!HUCW09)=!#=J]X!/+LBA$%3^DS%J)*`4=C@%#,EB:3@$/8,!T$_=F.
M690O@25U@09$K[+?

14@^JO.6`%J3JC'.I`/SL;V'OT.A
/(P'8!NLF







Y[N6)5VV;B+\'^KX]0IG



?W9WM$R6
L^.F`5SO4=J7D+W
MU8RY=9



M
!Y-K?B)'WR%RM$.[$*7G-AAZ$\5KIPQ']



LOZM9]Y?('?J!0:4`NJBS]0$!7XE



;*U1RZAP4O1#?RKX0*N$!7K0
N).Y5A'P






MWWJW(URVW.T9W\9V]9Q^IG(Y@Y-JGFQR_OK3V8(
&;1-TI&Q
Q
V6*!!)`

5%SBSQ(['PX




T:T\!U(/QV&?A;#ZM/(LG1+`2*(/&(_'T
T0U]ZQ1$`!+AG2_'.




M25JHUB(N4]JL9H@EBDMRPR4Q/\15J7:S*T1#VJ/R^(3C7'KF:#B4*H)75BB:

Z:=8G1;PC;EA$^X




W:P?3F8+Z+'!Z_82K_N



G/9WW]6`&)?T



MK\Z^W





)V8F
$2TDX5I*<Z&H$2N+*%(4D78VFV3I%5
6$%91[6M#53\#JV9@U=X;K%JZ!61%6O62S[T8V^0\7^18?A6
/8.
3;6SE9WV!O/28%X:S,MJY6&K6*6


+YNQXF]TX:R%_6_]UIOZ_P



N2

O!`*#HTLOFBW!#N#9;M7J:%X


#.Z\X%.%C`*J





B#+U-@1A])$8?



QR+-]X
MY(_JKW79QVP2#;.SUH*ZTYFH42.=:OG9`VQHCP%8+0-4(_S@B/V';7
^')9R




JB6`)RS6(0


M%0IQG0#20AD







2SEBXU8
M]E^Q$V:J58N+;BJ*35A




M-#SD.0Y4/U
7PSB*@7NL
C*`9:;'VX

M

6;N$M
M`?QFFOYQ/_C!Y'\7D.M;'

^W_NRH=U7
=JY5K\6'OZ
MLS8WDM;L

MI0%L%=;-:X!QL!V)P)W;QS8-^(@!&!1HG`BL^``R
`1@`:)0`K/P
.C0@8

MYIRB2&6N)&=2SU/`2%X@BF2^E6Q-SZ3*Y4Y[A54N38J=_GFOI]9:
T]?M
M_;X)W+Y

I:.ULZ*I=&0J'6T^




!.24!`%Q[&T#P]^7YW^HD-N.T\6VZ(%]N_=@Y!
M6TK'.!\E\XP*0;3O7_UT
-T5#T82

42((8!YR)UM%U!-K9
MC?6&''C+J5+#C15$;R4A);T5AI0TK7H8?/.`_[BZON^S'I-;1P_ZN;[_O7_+



M.G6=
9

;-_4*03?

\@;

VSV$6:

MQ3`D.P[XH

M[#\S]Q3M5KM-_\VPQ/8F
4A-MDX]E_6\/YJG*$UTTK\*






MIA
HOAFP5R=Z*IVH5O5/U`ML%B\PAT`G`K1&;]OO6T[./=P$/6Z3*Y2FAN9Z


F?53OP7P]&'(41#`T_RC3WQ7)=?//U
MR;&?%`5/%DS(`XJL'!

$P:D[P(X33C58$

M^5]L)X[P@`W#&/X0_6U__1#
^C^QE^/6XE8I5P-_E%
D^#5=O91)]-W#B@J[







MUX%8P=2=?J*KG:(W044G'64!4AE'N5MCE*!3@TJ=#G*)U%8NI3:.0B9H?AQ%





0DSH




1ZN4Q6M4._CTD^`E\7194I+4:T$ZN
M^XBB)POG?!#;$95;C#AB;JW2/`4]U!517/*MH+@;0M6'JRD04AW-`D_P4H





V


MW:[*`S=F/=N:)\6FM




JV
%.)
MQ9'C4LJ#C


DA@7UIH-
M@+U6&5T7
&TGF5E+PE\+613^3``L'ZI`15=Z
%!`.]A9_[./'$.5@V)Z%I




U7(;<#V-Z"80U?Y)O.(@^^SV&
MT]]UFS++?S@V0C-+AJ;#X9'*WRNM.7!NY]9F-:[V/0U^(W[PV'`W]BE?0&'

3G\L+6)`RN.AX

C_;5E*6]6TMDL[Z


P9M
\'+/TTE#


WDKS715B]0YT-/W#*/
M4N4HG?;V5\Q

MCL`@]X-_H95N6R
CYS)'0?44!!9#%GOL<&
M'*@?;


MQD($KAT+WY
L'F#!1]8C3[IR_1#'2$V$-
5$2VI()@

?\H0IF987[6A\Y(-




USS
_2
L
P4$+

ML&C
D.
:&P1]!)1;O:03_J)_'#V!(IS].-6]0%_+EG8J]H1*E=$;C-Y@](:&


8DF
MHGPOPW*^=

:=J8B?M8)O:)[C57U4-



1$[943L+(@(M8`G5OATYOJO=_%HY)*9





MP60IX#$FJ#.$V8YP@E-.M%-.Q+M`BST[GO

XI$JF\.P0%Z$]`9!+UP6

M@9(I/Z!6(A';2[&\0F&ZE8M[AGDYZABJ@/

MJ++MK:W.SE:W(UJO:B;MZ-2W8^S^!F;/'Q1Z*;

[M]&*=

MVG_]_.

ATC4:D_@J//0@``-9?```5`!P`
M;VQI82TR
#$T
3(S

8#2Q5&`TL575XP`!!4.```$

*$M-O;CK!%T%98K&1#




[@'+P0HV)B.V$W

I*6D$'_9

.W?=_OA+O__(#8_D!.L%AQ9#\P6&


`8#UH



1QUC


M(
4BX/`((+ZL[8(%
M@!6-3#YU-EF145=/V+T

MV^AUX-3Y)5KZO/F$&-#N-K`9!Q$

<MX@IT8W+4.1_4T9




MI_[S`OI




MGY-T[C7U.X=`$-$+@[(YJF!#!G1)W8W#D
S-S\@'OGO@PFHH5*^P:@NM\6D]
I



MA
D\\SISPG/LO\A)U9GF(OJ]5SF5]&\)JJ;A.78+D6-'?`[ALI'G4`N79KD-
M1D4IINOZM]Q.':4M:_D%
?2=5C

MO-6OT=^5%Z0/2Z6@-P94O8`=$;I*`R2?^K
;-@U6_:!H;2]290U2SWIYI-G7
MHZ2D];TMEC4G;U[+)RYRM#%S6.YH$4-WY4DO4Y%ZYTLA6O[ESJ;
37M6B\^)
M;

C`Q-#$R
S%?9&5F


S!#'J?*$D6__`&Y`G2

&1+633Z
MZ38C;;]__[Z5??IRD(9H9#9;OW^N3\*YC`6V)43]S



I!TV



`#
M@

B

54%$D.K]+



MR-Z%?:7

MH8I#Z(H@*9
ST2VO=`(GTY2/H5I#*9CO3A'
W`FY77Y1%$I6N44JK[R&_K









MO;;4C5KJ-LOZ*;KK!G:]-MI?&^VOC?8+P/)KH_VUT6[Z-MZF%AE!^D.8]F*5
M'\?)R[M=?D22N-@
LF7/OX%GQ'Z^BK'N2&'/4%B?(ECK=3J-=:
%)DL(UQ'H





M29':LYMUGTG


EV

4;4KM;_[A
M1[HN\N;)






CIZC*9;6A6=L?)PW19Q

)Q



M+SC





G#
M7Z/UUJX#5
_IT1S-52*4JUPV?Q'(X5%791PJ+).H!K!.D)M4CPI^1C]730.;6U$TH
MDL;0V@(]NN4E5#`8Q30:X<1BF)JR*/&7`KKZ(W/F[0@W<<_;HB/ROGW[X


3;


VL8X@&

M-`N$E5D

M

7SP
=FJ0D@@NR.-S6\D&G`CF4K
?-S11;K,#2G5(8Y1H0^P



M'\KOXXDO*)2WC=LP&@;V(-D9#@C#TW:F47#\VL[]#C^?S?/EPN?OO:X-Q[


Z39/RP;9\
M5K]

N`E?KT.)9?YM7[P.OB[(F@)OAA9
OK)(_(7A79ZPK:=]D
M&^K'W`@#]&E`Y6#_]IJ(Z&6F*%*OAG)QA37S=V



GFF./1]J

]ERO%
MAO-B.]]:)UPRA3[&\AW?HRF/XE:


MWHG6==H




A%P!.&H

9:


[&NKHM6_[DFTGU=UC;(!P:_@2OX4_&[,.:[@7









A04UX%!X;%P/--B3V\6#M6FH

]5X9[QMDAMH5TW

M2WMCD0UW;(YIR0RYL&9W8B=4=MBPPIH+$`YX@X;/@UQR8RX`:1WJ^A(@XN`P
M(2#!.^0EJL8^ZB6WX(2-DVY76_]BTZ+(XKMMT9PHN8DRF@0;XUGAQW@^S`T_










%]<`;K







MQ#VT5

M%6XD8V=KU(G#9;
*V1C9`;/#AW_2`3LL#(2(*L)!O2AJ6`BI)6YX:+`(#Q.U
M(+L<#R^3@NJJ-LZRO/X/J8K/9T=

]5M]$UXX===Q=8:QWQV:7_!::1!_0!^##N8*S





7_N!;ZV]E'7;1B8K](H
MR0F#3H@@'GJIQ@CIH19KT``.GAWV`F\[ZXAK$@S:U7)$T$YZR!4(([:'6(-`


M5#YC_VLRYT?;XC'-XK_3U9_)VY.CM[S$V^9MG5:4!=:M%/LD*L@97589N]Z^
M.2)L128



MA:%C$

'.J&QCQ?T

3Y
EK_1J/L/%F=1447





MV+TD_&TP;%UI(0%^D87T=\I+T.]1]^T5[':;=TPY+3)P_S(BJV:M#KBPO8


)S


*(FV
M;*:H`][F6@`MG36E=LOGK77C?F[\;EB:E'I`IJ^^65+:!T)^2*:2O#X+]:
MRH


M;DA95M+M2

MY)0Q`V=`@K`

1H
MJ(SX[`&^+38Z;?C1TF$*)Z'B`9.BVI98*TU74TJ`3T'%`@9$`I$]/<<'F
M^G(6[:5\[H$F;.;A+


J):I9
MQ;8,V0N1C^%-)X[!%#JK.&X





1S(9PST6P(YAUA=A




M9-A


#FCSW2=;OAIUWD1/=#J

MX%E=5W9$-EF\I



D%JA4@G@SDSH;0*)K^D+'$L1WJ6A
$I4+
+O+(`





#MTZAUI][,H1
M+=CBX.2;2?F`E'X]D&.4_.;]M-8-;^X:P:C^=]:-7]:1&O;YG_KT/QOOXCF
M?XO9_&]'#6D^M?)V9FE2_G-)G_;YTF`SC:YJA

Y2

=CPJ`J'AH
HPZ83#+'J(D_CO//7^:)GE9M565




4U6+&$'S\4#V]=I


FQEOHZ]:


[1V?GLOJUW)
M1B4:_@:WO1B


F69O]2GLJE`_W


O$LA`

M5%8]IAFQ8)F3V?TKH#WPWHQ-=\48MBDT]8.G7DJ
M:U;TDRL)_K8_


M\#P(@3B`'H`3?4)O]`INPEZCQ'.\)BJ@3TLY5L$+$_CD%!

M;RC:1,N'7P6N+%I9)ZY&HE(X\Y?-8'NS3+TD_L[DC#DBU`0NAG-1)(3L18
M)RQ7H3


MXR7;

MZ\N+R]/I]8)

AY*4Q0E3$DX[(U.D.5R5C/E!XQL8)_Y<(3RA



M$EEM^=[5X#M.*;D3L`6DU+R&Y4H:!\6IOU,\)-8Z&:3PM6D1PO6N'X\+0)

M#(K1_
%Y]+CL
5VO2H?

V`12GR2U;
M+'ECU869U8!Z







HGV9:NKN+H+BZ'F#'-
M]??


W`%
L


MBM#REF[J_*RS^]-H$Q?16A8Z:HJU0T-IL?X4UEA'#.WD5@S\DPE-%H^4+*/\


`)%F2*K8(!



]UAE^*`0
9I










]D%;&0
\4O(4?8Z?

M2Y=LXCKN7M;1IR!.XF$#5[\Q#@FXN#

M`





_!KH^@



M&EO5$X?*4)-F.L









#

MT0K:KAI

/H;*;DJ5

M%*I#FMX7-$/U2E*-O5Q31^
(_DGZ36


M5GCQ4MRYK.P$0*1V33PM4M:T^=^OD39^%AN128*[W#@F)=B20BBDV-7%VUI9


!=`




M6`(;QXK00?G\5Z%#8\UD`V!Q_DO69H[=,8'8O.N!;SW0D?U
Y[!]Q8Z]7Y
M5DJ






X'*'.VOE$6HS
L^TRQZH.U)4_)=G/#4+OGW

4:_ZTAV_M.X
ZZE;DMB.?W7?)I9B4@0EU)F!
0B@
AM4
9V+%:
M
5H.*
8'?<8.
M`1=_:$'TV98NTEGQ2+-;RD/UFZ@T2W.^*2V^C^GJ=)ME-+&,I\L@X2Z%P-'.
MOAF9-OHF-]$+/PIPGV9DL[M&,]Y[S2@@KPG^,C6$'1I;@6:P)A'85I5P'32

M$:AWX-G+N%4
NDJ76[8X*%L/1ZJ+)Q:=\&05#5E8=U/Q91






M;(&
U+'99

-$1DMVX$*I&#`0#!;67!0\KXWCH9GW5_
/-


1B)&@SV0QG-V&;'VPY<'-OUP`PEN_MVR:J``
M%S`Y9JRX5XC3ZX9%O`#Q-6$2:LMVA^
V5
H;M9$$9X6&?V[-;*X/WKB+






MIJ?EL[;A_
$SB6
#GHY





^C[(6_9Y:X
M@A7KK^)=S4(8=XU-


M+S.`Q8Y+\FH1Z82


'F3P8OJ:?^!N7H:@@

F*/#;:85J
CO2=Y



DP\L
UYVR(OHF15=M.5O=
R0*?K


M:
M'S&)A&@?#=62S

=\D

M*F#O


MG2@GRW9I3L'UP0G/L/J?+VV+A;%G^U(V6?CH







:T_T-

MRI!M2#LK-!N(W1'R=V-V.'A5@W8I6!8GY_?W=
DR?;5\/F&OR*%^$A6D5D5V







9)K&)CT$=V%5O[B(BN\ZP\J5%=9U;91#$_O
5.TK#5QX@?XZI=

M^:4&K:OPOAK$6L=0&)CU%C6)E@8*E^2&


[R!JB9-N1+.O&`)Z+
:T($LD^1`UEN]948!BB1`0O



M%/X
YX=@M9Q^CE79DNP5=#R.C0(4-V-?8QS?8F77[%`LU$TZKH$]#
0S.
!'


MOYO!.'V

M$?*Q*A0(&X&0$+AH!:4N$_7(@\M(3A@!L&Z1EK6R0MULP9VN%L+9%:1LH4
MV-4-V!-R*#)I_@Z
$HKV$C=UZ-I5V+=Q4%BR.4/?_CU.Q#2:%Y]2*4SUA=IG
M722%^F_#5EI&.
4BTVW85V*[&%:/@L$JH8V2V&_L&Q'LUXLWUY&`S8K2L!


@1+Z_

(VXF*P

YZ29Z!ZM#B%`#D/*35CW;2??
M3/Y?FM/-(WD?+Z/UF@8'CY[=G/8TEWTWAWITO5%?7TV_.QY6G9B_B5[X'_P@




M\
)/
M9JC7?N'OK_53YL'I7_=U?V5^63_P]02P,$%`````@`R'2-1H5<8I^,)```
MN6P`!4`'`!O;&EA+3(P
30Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`D``Q@-+%48#2Q5=7@+
M``$$)0X```0Y`0``[5U;=^
UW&<9)+IG


MSRB







MO_GZ^KOK;W82_Y(COE*7[J_#K;+T';&F]%A+?*PM?Z4E?Z4J_Q9'GD^B)$27
<9]_;Z?XMB
M%_NM*7!@KX':B$3N5MUK
W)M&RX^W=\[\U^G=XO1A\GH;C1P)DMG
)A^FBQ'
MDP^SZ7@T&`T79@PJ*4O7NGK&U93OK37$
V(UZ8N8SELV*(@O;YRQ
QD
%Q^'


463&Y

/%B&Y\03KA!1E`
MPNS3?/#160QO1S2*3CZ
Z%?*62R&R\6$_N\P#K


MS-EA1)?F&[1T/\]\HS9FOT6K5%(U]CT-Y-PU9:N97T-VVM*UA&M+!L8)B9N
M&-*%_3-J/R)511TICL;0EWZSW3_8OAYBX+H-KQ+=J@1:U:[GG1I;`$`$:

&LPM_`K

A6

&+L/


M!6L2;M+N.@]1'-(E9
;(9]KM.$G1T3\SM23HKN3URY]H1LC[ZI$\7ZT0OF(J



W5/%7;S_M4ZY`8)&S\AV-IJ[_*W+#8;ZI?Y=
M@XZFICF@\)O:AQF@VKKPX8O9(^FO/4=2INP
A9BL^#`2MLMAB-/./@!!%-9%

M:IUA]CW5D#L7\1/JGUSOLHS#B0HO3K@*I2CM;H216V`R$*C+VT/G!NCL


MJ!F@%/CO87+]M14XF:-'S%0*XHF[J5N.B9I5T%)N9BM@A.J:P4Q9Q!XV5H!F




[4AO2]J
M++5A3-S@C@Y9+O/]5932`&F?3V40MU=P*0D]EM2\-Y3)[U!%*@1-FN0(NG4U
MT+`0!=7KG$XDC#D;1$@2
;MN&5N6SKBE@3JD[INN=95=
T9AA
8]\
_X[*!E

5KMS^]*

MLZ.#5@MYJ5$!2A+K!4DF]2L&
I.L:1Q7AG);^41N2819

DZPHK^$


1BK+

M.@X6I6A+B`326H9+%8MHH1


M+_[4%'SHA*==RB


MH@53H$#`)/9[._&[0(_

M[2Y-C=@RPO7Y%^8`S0O9U:+F-H$#KK=&+K5(!F01UTM(.4&0P!%5UYH/J&)K


H+@*2*
MV'FQUJ$F66$_88NP!?*2
+T[-?SL^0F=Q[)2&SAENS,22?=I539VEC7N_R
M/-$




MJ=MX4&:2WY%08-)]U&H32

Y7MU<CR^&)_1L6U'?B399;L+PE*;A<B-TW:_3-GI?T<M&%9*
^@



MA
;+K@

AFM?M



M)JW@M2(R`ZI\YN(VA?XP6)T\6'^[/L
58)7C`E8^96H'6-J=
.[+WH3LP&@?
MZVJ.D8I\Y:OCM3NS]@Z2]A:AYB!!MOI.9?=\%#RCR/027I(I;`D/9GHJ;J!F





M#

M'?HP9T@[(E1%J$)O_*$Y'

M6HGQ*TU?`K$$O65(5K6

VNK6


HD'Z

+P-0OD1Z7J#L+G:8'
)
MP7[5!30$JZ/@2*?H2A_.0J6_PM+?7?B7UC*H@2UA$'DBF8?9H74A+)=)N;^%





-^Q!*/&IF

43IJO

E)8Q8(`4BF$O7`-T:NM/#;)-Q

&:DQ4+)9C8F_(
F(V4_%+






^^W]ROQ2
ML



MR






MU!T6!Q`2-RXH0B`?2`J:L*(QYSY=V]/JQI#KL'2Y8ZR-N`J6W$*ZBV;]2]
+UUF[NNN2%^V27'S
MFD_<*F%(CTGIYKDLD_Z@K!J-B';-$'O(#E_NUQ6XF$72OJXMQ<?_%
]\Q7#


02;`CT4H)&D5^&#/G'

M8#5'


M85KA=N)ND/`VHR(7.*3KN71FM3'V4!#EG\T1WQ1I;%^RA*!]G_U:.-9$WASR


M.W-O(K42P`I6
8!AF-1V

M5$(?-P7

M9)N[\86DV;4SG



2@3KVALO%(

M\LJR9ZM8

J@?12:V&JT$+&JKF

MQ?*FZ=T1O




+\2&3/3IVIU+%VTH5[[E%?VE..+4)?(JG=


KJ:F5Q(T6NQUG^4*
^4V.E[;;I+R^0*^IVK!S




-TQ*CO
N%

M.I['GDVE[C:CQ!Z[+M
02X\B$SI.9F1V'I_-8IQT

M-G\(NJL.?OX2=#17=MED*+TME+]$-'T)*R?\#9-#,L5R^=-E!79E&?)TFQ.
M-P1KFO18456^F]GB\BL#=\XZ)7AMKMB%N=WMQJZ!C\Y4.``-$\_3Q)47M92

M7O7B-Q7#X1&B6F8&F;%BNTCNF!;/-$1Y`!1@K*$2!!E#Z#9#&B8PTN
GEB
M\W@$B;

&MFBI9F*-=IUSQ9!%(!(&CS

M
]L@U:RK'FAJ^4


T1U6^75OR/A`H7/V$.\FJYJ3.H6P1)
+/0F
M+3MI.XBL=

M:L9S


N%W:G=KFI&9I]+;'OLJ41A&N];02
]63!*O0

MR3FBN[-%V&K.^=G)]FL_'P?CA9.N.!L_AX-Y[^



M?K^J^P\ZO]QLU3J.DTQFDYK



0`0_N'YVJ?_MIK4(P^5U




@
T+[5AMJHIYN?=-UJ(0JYM*)O

MC'F/*^=+6E




M
[:6CVI;=\&^?69'B:G7_\*.%NE^2$/8G4)AS3VI?V/R@LE]-L53MLQ8/6U1

MF^131

[CS

HC

E8^ZI!&9!;4`JK336E.O6\W49+#H22D;87D`:H?8&J.&2HHU?G




A

OR!^K9RSTHE%^&ENEOYT&






K;LND+0O8&KJCC
F?<H;=`G
M4]B7P$CRY$#'W`?7ZP%5'H+YCJW!)8/LMY\%JK^P]B/9#^P@WE&D3<EW)C%

M)[+GGOK4B[QX


3G(7H
2N^2X*A?OP_43N;(GWGA(

W[/'+Z+@\;]02P$'@,4`````#(=(U&%D&$


C`Q-#$R
S%?9&5F+GAM

ATC48^0+?/
MJE

4`````#(=(U&A5QB
MGXPD``Y;`(`%0`8```````!````I(&DK@``;VQI82TR
#$T
3(S


8#2Q5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`R'2-1I(%


K;H(OX
ND##/8


-BT1FP



?P
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`
M```A`+55

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*86C1
MDQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@OYGUBETZ
0)X3.\MV

ARZW



M0

K9RUK9RAE8NVY@C4'-&V3X'VJ6U7V*V4




G47:L_@JI?6I6)A@XUH_NXJC<PO/!8-#<FXOX85L^




MJR(8


M''H!1K0K1



MNS#$_FII$_2;T:TZ^HU4([:?)2N_LHYMJ%.I@)K(9X,]+$TKVQ?[;ZP5;@


A6@A`+@BSDQK0$;(
MB[UO6:F;'




&.Q8VTR:&F?7^WC2+3BN;QJ/*.LAY94
@OU[0
O]@SJ3AO\+J+P```/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`$9G__'#`@``G`<``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S
M+W-H965T


M]Z^;R0(C8VE7TE9UO


2HZ'!A6^AP.556\6O%=I)W-I!HWE(+
M\9M&].;()MDY=)+JVUT_84KV0+$5K;`/GA0CR59?ZTYINFW!]WTRH^S([1?/

M3*/VG[4HOXF.0[*A3*X`6Z5N'?1KZ5[!9O)L]XTOP`^-2E[176M_JOT7+NK&
M0K7G8





`LOF^=Q_DI)\_?H.O!8=US2@/FO
MKAOS)X?H[8YUX)%N&H_R'#!!=_*&83AQYPL[\%CX
9&AAP

M84J&(2*YKODGWK8&

M2P






MN-/2X-9_)










'

)F[X*0F_I:+
3$VG+$\M/




M!Z9J1
?3T+/#7_

M``8`````$`NA)


M
YX;6R455UOVC`4?9^T_V#YO?DL4!A`BJV2JLT3?MX-HZ36
1Q9!MH__VN

MJ





MTV;#+25&



U9#(=CR_3,@2D:017SWF#
[#4-EMWMA%YPK3Z(_*X_QF.[

-;&WW
MOY#%7P```/__`P!02P



MY4:(X1UU4+]M16\O-


M4'9AA\



2X-F9
MG=W-9G;S+!OTQ+41JIWC)(HQXBU3I6A7<_S[U\-5CI&QMUIHUH^QR_<X)O%


M?2S=7Q!

F-?1.$B.V,5;)OP&4[*@


/H.+?P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`-?]
MBN?!`@``$P<``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

M&(;O)^T_6+XOQT!%%*UJ;I5VJ1IVN':,0:L8HQLIVG__3[C0'MJC87`9O7








=IEJZ;EEF:/@/TP+NI((X#^(T.
\)T3OAV
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(V+GAM;)16RV[;,!\%^@_

M6EX_BQH]

6$-ESILRPW]^WU\E&&E#FIS4LF$9?F$:7Z\^?UIN
MI7K4%6
&`4.C
-^T5E:(%BC6O
MN7EQI!@)NG@H&ZG(N@;?S]&$T!VWNSFA%YPJJ65A1D`7^$1//:=!&@#3:IES




MN;$L&4XQ@G`-R_*TBI/Y



RGW?M

$%``&





M@+GFT0I9]8`!7QZ;8WK6S


)$_($ON/L!9BGT.[7_?A
CN`G;
QY)Q4.Q#
[15*\T^.)-(A%SH:%7J%C*C
M8`D5E/0QT(0#((-(6M'B$3`%M)2-S8B50CE?V84+&5`,ET9@FUE#_:\B42L
MAK5(5NL'LGBT$:E:&5&P5*V_HPR!-O*G'D3B8#)M&?$V2RI@FAI1L&2MOF
M-`3;THBS!Q

@B4
G]9&K'R\SA#L'/V9(A
:$P:)A.!*J_:S&8EFWUP@R<$:?WJ<)J
MD4;!$DD@)4R5TY)C&.7(=5J8C!AK_3GYDFJ
UFE6;*&8TI

M;P```/__`P!02P



X=%U+`3=:[!7T+I(8

MA\




$UUJ[X\&O]OC'
M7?\!``#__P

M:1_/CC%@%3RG:;]][O&0/232D/@.WCXW//O5PVMR]-C9Z95%RT*?8=#R/6
M4I'SMDSQSQ\/-TN
E9M3FK1LA2_,H5OMQ\_;(Y/JF*
8V`H54IKK3NUJZK
M:


M%W]!Z)F['US0-YQ*H42A':!SK=#+F%?NR@6F[2;G$(&Q'4E6I/C.7V=+[&XW




M2XI7&

4F?K6`9KF;*

R$6L^R%

`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0`Z2K=A[0

U
M+GAM;)Q778^C-A1]K]3_@'C?@&&23**0U22C:5=JI:KJ;I\).`D:P`@[DYE_
MWVM?A[7YF$#G81+LX^-S/SBQ-U_?B]QYHS7/6!FY9.:[#BT3EF;E*7*___/R
MY=%UN(C+-
Y922/W@W+WZ_;77S975K_R

M/!:@GY^SBM_8BF0
<U
LD%RY8\2^B*9DD3P*<F(8O90S!?/DYA

M)

M=G\Y;^HD6*J3Y95R=SA@2@F:;11BWX-8+1J
)06R-EZ*!$?N@Y&$
/@9(JI#
M#':CE+LW!JR=@6;\SA(







!1]G[3_@'A/P!A(





^*2V+?P@B



MM
JS)([?F2AR52PU:

MQ(SGF5CQ9`8ZA



M

M\OI]OE/
\OI%UNB9:R-4D^
DBC'B#5.%:#8Y_OWK_FJ&D;&T*6BM&I[C5V[P


M;



MTLPY

#3!-2]T0)@MP_G]*
MD(O3WCBQWP+!&NC#\VH\69)G*!W;2V[/)6FG(
#LP``;#G;B'(\Q.H*GG:V/
M[39(?/E/.*-+.$X

MXA[Y.*
AYR#YL


HRF
B0Y'



M-





M0T_+Y36I-'V[PS

M42[3;]S^UCH?Z;\N]\J;+!=WLVS\MW3TC9O.XJ=C&3\
A(FSU=K]KW_^ZY]-
M4H.%&`GK723L/$[#[L[ZKCVQ^S@M+EG`B&%Z?PV?5T:;T0AUF4U1UWDR'FV
MIVZ8S




+










M?AU.EKG@PBE:#\1PO=LL];P2S):V$N/G9-KD]/Q+*7


AC?8]EGZ6=W

M;^42\J5)\IF$(DK'K4D)__WW_X.CDK3^_??_^VH=Z0TI?
M-8^ZI^J
:54Q(A+N+6]QT&['RG?;FV[`V&%@QER@NN:XKX$0[O

M%NJEZS9J9-L-\6WD?9PF:[

M-51LD3/28V%&['5*;=07.+S^K.NU38F@2]U:*SLO%:%84GA1%54/X_R:UHW?






AJ'I^XH_S!5ZDPVA1-(C`OI#(@



&6(4E
9GZES!^'LYSMXU7X3)`%W+*PO
%G









EI
M/A.
D+5C&X7OO$G8T
G2%C??AT!)&G5KH+$+)D0^!N89:K5LR+]C%#$UF]XS

)+@20I+


MT/G
`7V95D/SUM+KRUAV5=HA$ZZ\$5'G287.S!V.@66Y]WU&L_0OTDSZ7(?]
M/B:A
DK4/?-S4I14OJS@L&5`
WI2K)_'N/K9@E:(\O:B6DLMOL@3%`RO!&[Y


M^!;B&=O07TCFPG:V/!8K

MM_
M+

M6YU0






I*]E04@PTB?^C0LB$(7'T



?P0`!^%SE6W*<FMI7=B4#O(9^N#E$6=$9FS5J((*
MP2ZCS<B4UL

M455(1:F4?K:LO_N.EU\UG:KL;VH590R:J3/'BRI8B0C\CEZFSQO)/5JD*@2
M%`+U'#YSB8WHE$Y1T$%1A+D)!Y7P*.VBU8\'6HQ*&:5M;6VK059Y#1R&.

J

HHD(C)^7N=C`ZGR+D;LA/DWD#ER$]1YJ80='%




N_63'Z

`6EH&Z55;5:DS?<J69TVU^[_UBRX:3V%+7=
MBWK\EG39B\ZG0V0*!<16DD`OFG:71QTYVMW#J$@2;6-AHVTV;42X^#KQ*YJ



'8?V4T


M%(658NH/T:4B&$_%.VTF'``9:

&B
M](HU/=39E4P`H4

&X[15





M@WJA&P^Y


/)^]/

)0:*#47JX^\F`*23E-#H0&UY




MT?V1`\(`4-
]TD:I'&X6!_Y!5JB8OKK\_GG*.@3^FFM']$,??6`-WQ=[QM




M






`_\/TH5-U!D2ARC1L+N&30C8!9)P2!.GMIX!;




MM0%=9.F&Y.2[H2V#LBL+FAJW%JY):7YN-QNU1=Y\['?-#U3N*+HC@TLNU;CY

97N+@UJ/K;1_$`&&?R'
MU2;
.%4!2SHU-[E-U
1D]B(5#A=$Q$#47FCL-JYMT0%+PW8P.
(V@U6=)#[%

M+U!C-+=34Q6M[;8)TI6(Z

M*LJL?KTYT6'*+CP;.(H^ZKI4PQR[J?B[$Z.ZJE-I&1[#MLT
&U:UTMU;)

MVWDDQI2E5J+6]H%M&'@0TC7#AQ0TF*4DL\-3N#UM/K-!:X7/E7_3\'^D_C:_








N=CSR5#N=O;L\K8FI4]+
MYPR6D&A]2I_!?R`2AT9W?4]`:ZK&U-RB=[8CJKGA8H+1C


#8Y^*5%
M^)6_]!J+:M%TRG*_=D%UF6BLF8=-X8EYGR+2EOSVT=*_ZO0QJKM@)5+:*8
M(A8W:7FZRO9TL*D4@IY^F#U(NW&V@

13TFMTUP;

$%``&``@````A`$%9AFQSP``YV0```T`
M``!X;]S='EL97

M.=U.E$BY*#)@9GSC!V?
+G-1OGNJVJ]J\*
]-/3J#MT.-NZJ7SVZNKJZ:6Z^



7

.9Y\\ISYY9///:N1]%LS%Z:L#6C1];P\
^P/



M#M?P[SR

M.!6'/.J9.)LPAV9W:`Z

&Y!
[<G$;R1.I@4+9<)6.6S`
+AS/^X0#TS]7^5@(Y:7;


R*3F6
M)Y2R*OP_QHI+2[\'J5F$F_!T0LUPT4-@*-85H5852&&F!UZ6J$N*A1@06C


MQ!!0AU&/0=$(3+U!T1!
(7!C\!G[!/4&;H14A`'P*.D519[0XT:

ZJ!0%`5

M8R&U5S5I`EI9\V3VE

_%K3`HJI3J3C
FP'*^(
M1LE9A:QRK_G9GREO-'=&D&@?ZO&@-4JU1C0WBF&]AVJP0TE]7D8<3.(PMXI


P`=+[9DCU7)6?<

M@4]V1VXEN6SF):E`NR!+'%?
%'4%T];22276$$Q*5-64RF%JT%!-KI$`#M]H




ML!

#]NQB8L^G=G37N


M=7NUG)X!8-\'3:TL19KU_D:MD]$L@.SC

M.69EN`YQC7=70/$H`UZ?W7=D'81B

54&2KI3J2
:_UW99A3JMN7PKFRW
MO6W8Q

7R%O6N0K^KT-Y;7Z%7Y?+%U^5%*88J
MK1L2VVN;SCM:V7A/*&
#-6?DIC2]MX0-:-R'0;W.'#I)?A!+0GC4F0P
'%P@


S6KZ1$0;?785;30IV96\V(9HJBPRU7
M69O8G
O!Y+EJ

\9BD
Q
O91&\

MH[-)L;X!P?O20%V=%U+)A/BJZ*SR/:=O8U+:5\IH@8A.

M09\QE7#C82J?H'K.6UM,^46YS3IBI=B!F?',4MG)9;G:)9)ENX*4BY#.:M



M:0:-`MWD%//-J63YWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-36;_7
2\/5CLJG:]69[MO45%
M]
2BS:IG60'


MVZPON-/-^9XPMI;L+/X^I['SYLQEY^3B11H[M;!C:SNVTM3@V9
ID.3[!C

M2P

M=IKVW^^SG:*TJ::



+A(8J#G#OW;3H[V



&`U\=K

%GZ:IY_LZB\```#__P
`

M:&5E=#
V+GAM;)1576^;





U[5!JJ=
M0D(VKU7Q=




Q.+'#O61;O9@E]7LZF

M#A^@
O2$V7H
7)\QT7R*V9UCX@$1@N)!-E@YEOUZ.7MU%FS5V9I8N5N_
9:2





%!E=)?/U




+`A_[IXG


ML*H,[CACB\71I\(#@WFMWW(YC



M@]=IO/



!1^G[3_8/F]7!-(HIJ7=6MTBI-
MTR[/#ABPAC93M/^^QUS$@KT(I8'PN7S=SG''+:73W5%'KG20C8)]1V/$MZD
M
A--D=#?OVXO5I1HPYJ








:K&2PN

&


!@_#]X/#.SA?V(*GPLN)
&)PDWTD#/-WI#ROY-VJJ85H8N$$PO`Q=+U_

%:+1I.(Y


M_P

W(YK(;*9&BU29Y9J!M




N

P#V^2:T7GLA*`[



.M@10B39JE8



+#D?/6EF3QB'


S\8
M.ZRD8`Q2&K?F3V

8%(1!<D=<6ZYDY'#6

B6`$W1BE1FE0
K'$
M?
IF22\HDQ9K%KMPL'?I&K5G%*&J(D:.;_0R`?W?;SG

?J`R`^C
M1WCLA_!^I?/C90CO

M='


MDZ`!'&%F

M97/9FG_^D7U9FP;M\N:45Z3!6_

M38LKKG-JD1MNX


MW*



MU7@0-OV4[!-]U)!$0U(-R61$40[#R\H?*V;&T'W0\)-DK7FXD:?&A=2XCJ/1
KT&K6
M(NGX==0J

I$A&L)@]K[FW5D4+R`NF
M%M:A1$#^M-RE.I0ICJI



').D[Y(C#F%.Y,M_R?\W;2]E0H\)G**YCL=M&RV]=

`4$L#








::5``_EIUR5H#
I*_



;
AN^#WF8P-)#0U
MD$Q%-,6P_'S%S!BZ#AI?D3QN&F'DZW&M]+CBP6A(NH&D!I*IB!8%*)H?!3/F
M4<BU(X&`9(G$!I(82&H@F8IH^F;SM?'C'5]`EDI7=`CXDO(-UZ/0&<JM0GT


MEL

FDQ88)T`-A

EDC`PH


0#

/OW^Y^M+
MY8_=\;0_O#U4O9O;:F7WMCT\[M^^/517:?1;NUHYG3=OCYN7P]ONH?K7[E3]
M_?-___/IY^'X_?2\VYTKU


MCKN7S9FV__2\?S]Q:Z_;CS3WNCE^__'^V_;P^DY-?-V_[
]_98U6*Z];/_[V
M=CANOK[0N/_TFILMMYW]`LV_[K?'P^GP=+ZAYFKYAN*8.[5.C5KZ_.EQ3R-0





MH]0/'QMM+9_4V3$2;








M9SD`4$BD#[(`0&&8*
0



W'%R6@05.049@

M!IF`3+5(9[
BQNS

MKI@-6;@]'329\X')F!!


2'R
M!1=ZGN:VNVI-FN:(-2$TF1-DU0,N:*D)T+J(PV08B9I?L@DS8^0QD@3IF3
M-#]CDN;G2`ND!&G))

MJC7):$)/D^RL*F/-$*F:3Y(9

9
T/V22YD=(8R9)Y`1IRB3-

M(M7Y
HZ5ZIQD

F.@:8(S/N?3W.4HJ#K#Y&&F(
M%4=


\$U4]:X

MYSS2]#E$:@V8Y-0=(PV9I.*(B1Z;C=$XS_1CCK+/P


6H^Z8L+DRU?6A
G)_%3``PJ00J0(J8\T0(J1AD@CI#'2

M#V%-YB&

M&B*-D

M*(


:F':\S3E1^GU/-'=.L
G)
U(DWFB#192\MM9_D\U
TWY56L


M(RDJ
H4ZBM/1:M]ZS@4PLAJRAZ*N@U=
JORR:4TJ?0DV/P)HP=&1!UE'!U#8




2CDK+TTON#5%*68'K=C$K*


M5%*VR?16*I64;3*]Q$@E99M
+[=12=F6A71N*YV6';];6J'7\7NE!4''#TH+



_VY
MF1V]+'6K/@5Y.AS._`L-I%;\`9O/?P
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`*6I





M]2O3%@*9^$)B?[$:70C&T4)ZLJ4ET5!C

MLYY76G3B$G
)J

Z%#KK4-(RI






M&:Y4#?WX6@8C7F)F$#@4TI@)G6

*H%^8)FV`1



@U#)AE$X:2K

F680A0E\

PU&

M&(-]FB46D50&M05
8A%91E9D$(M@&4T8613)BC*I16096?$LM2!O':TS#=LB

V@9AC%3

M7$R86!;4X`I4^O


M*(!GU3E;)[5#11O*2?O.VCYF%J(ZB%_$Z50[6?F*;Z@!O$+VUOY]]Y[^*^#V


M;\3GF=^_9:GWRI46

*N8[(UIABYOLZWO*



MW


M*`IE!N$8*\4RA0;@T\L$OAJ@'N+2`C`(C';B`PG@_%M,*20[JVX-D\2Q(O
MWFDCLW]EDF7DE[5L:X_
L


MB
1F142YL
MY:$

U)J
!L#^/@


M2D%[T%6P#CG7BA[^

Q
M;0F9UGE:\IIM[3<F[^[7W_97'C[+$Z
20L\U&)KGZ1LUHXCLA.K4K'B#:OA


7D($JN]6RP]:^)^L'ZMG.;J
+




W6$

=II0DPT(;U_A30D:F2I9
AGLD


%@#XL^5@'Y*S+25T7M33CO


M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!!TB]:^0



M@).@`8RP9S+S[WMM`XN=+
ET'H9@GWOP.??Z:_/EO2JM-]*R@M9;&\U=VR)U
M1O.B/F_MO_]*9TO;8AS7.2YI3;;V!V'VE]W//VVNM'UA%T*X!0PUV]H7SINU
MX[#L0BK


!L`P<!9JYMQ!
&2UA`/#?J@I1





M-9;S7&6+($.6
]KUW^37]
M4'6?UR^#/T+/0&Q@HS2VC?<'9+
T4%!5%J%9
CK]QDH(4G/
N1UU*#I@E7J
M\[I$D*'+7+$41(T1^7ZP
*S?*P`

MQPK296L5+
\1*MN[`T[(\[C-I+9\CU%LA8W_8=

CT?J1!P=
P^Q40\R
?.@FB./+J




]PK=_\!``#__P
`4$L#



M8(^
9OT


@DAZ*L0)
M!

%MIF2VU\;)$

M1#2&!7G^'\*27F18@Z#M`(PXK1@&BV%(:H/
!LP`*(89C6$&A7N]Y(:9D(/6
M;FC.1&#/A+;I*[Y/=$)(2DA&#,)4@Z/-[/_L6)I#-4'16T4SP*G=:N,HMDX
M%8DF_9I7U3*2BR/_P8H]&XV&6(F05&`HONCD
9]%(/?K2*F9$T
R2.12V9F

MV-?N%]A;8X4:1?`$(ZL!+M%$6T'NQ[12E%'$$


#0(!R+;D!&(/`G
P\G-`O=5




(R[2ZYXT$TYX9*(0/
)&U
M%R?:RJC_E**
(H805OZIGAG0GJD1+O;(JM%$6QG3D%*4#;Y4L5]I1F@
CD/V
M
6/1]LWHGA





O````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`





MLEH8A9E:1%X33(*
@G;T'VJ?XK#%\:W.PW;/0%%



M
[`-9T9G9

'5@W7@\Z0


M.Y5;GBLO91O`#

\0#;*&/#TA0
M_3-;_P,``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`&?)\*+V!@```Q\``!D```!X;]W


70G

MZKR\;FWW:69;V34M#_GUM+7__HM_6ME6W2370W(IK]G6_I[5]N?=SS]MWLOJ




_5I&+TH
)-^VM@\_G!^:

M





D5'GBY3]F]P


M

OSYH:\:+#JY
44
8HX0C@(8T)]/`


-AQS\RDK;AI@BUOERY:6[\M=&!CA:A`


MBCA6.9#4].C4U,AH]J'VT!5,W*AELU8+=00Z]ZK9EE

MAQA56KK;#NFW;ZKNM4@YY%#JU=S#+=*8\9'76PU%0QC5APA'(6875H4=XI&
M33KM'L:32$MJ1%%,$:.((X1EBD&ER9Q\?:H!IPN6$I:;SG#W;$JG]YJ2#5!


M6!CYQE]V9V[&FMA=APQ^A*Z!8[IG;X3OX?BN?4HT/.V]$(Y'J)^]#S\]PI_G
MX3.D8V3!/(07_2


M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`V[9H)K`


M2:P!C&QG


MB@NIL9BQEC3PY

@6DYPV;U45\$\#)=!C6GC:P7$[]%@IQ
M2
J*

M@]VFR\_?E-R$]=\3%W;[S&GYC38$D@UE4@5X9.Q)4;^6H*7`^?MOO`G]PK

&JH&23:=`-@5RP@@
M(A



\^-


M5RA;*8$I_H`@:2X.$\9^_@Y^@


-&T^$R^8WZF


(LT_V]P.A*X#@.9T`^
2:'&_4!
PSO
M?@$``/__`P!02P

M2)6QG%:GR/WQ/;U;N8Z0N

MF&67DE12BW!28`G^Q9G6HE

M\4





MFAN66T2W55

2VWB&&Y
M18*F56:C/DCZKYUF:BH

BR1V*-S'W=UE-_5%5)
M_[UW:VH


)D(^


M:&5E='



OY]AUC&WQAMVS5E[

M8NDZM
Z6T<\!#

BLKE

Y[@KL^;I^?XEK\L[N'@L



RG



#NW,=2'(+\^?EB)?;O?<-<^%363;(-TBEA:LP
QM

.ICZ2LCFI.%&

;D'HR';%DDM0E2B










M?^)25T2/U1??MN'@@QSFC7!YK)YO#\EGSGX%$''^7TC/FS/+X%SF\RNCJ#




MA/;?B+-0(^*
$6HA

M+IBZ8.:N0L6+EBZ8.6M0&LH)8S@EJ&*2-[L

;Q7&93MH+263




F)DK`@9FV@9TYB3K5
MA
9FC
P962AQI9:
MQC16M3U;:2$TMC:)E0P0CQN204C;R2)F0R*&
F@'D1*@+_43+4BK87D19
M+SJ
=!GI*4+&^EK&-%:VC0VT$!H;


=!CI
M

M*6R*;XBID+9C*HD94T6
FI7H2*&#%EI

M3YC
E)$9(W-&%HJ0YJ66




MI+J(2'V/HSXB:CA`1.J'B$AJA(C4CSF:(**&4T2D?H:(I.:(2/VHR4B:KA
E+)&H9E**/(5*H[%U)'Z6(6G51$7U[/8[Z
MB*CA`)%8..'1D5=WWN<0I<P(<72ASDXQH;4KPDBZL14(?0Y
WV8SW-41+H7




Q&M@]B


MQKX







M
!3=5^H_6-X/#H20!(6

HW2CM1*5=7'VC$&K


M
DF(I*+!GB'5MWHHA










(*
N4:3(:1Q-*9-
KIHRH[]^WEU]HL1YWN2\-HW

M!!@:E]'*^S9ES(E*:NXBT\H&OA3&:NYA:$OF6BMYWBW2-4LFDP737#4T
*3V

@E3@P!X$JUP9T`@





M\4

U!:;M)I7@`
ON:9$E9!?&UV%`





MU:+'8J?0P(W;CFY[5$+GXI

ME@W+Q3W3N:R-5XH
.`





MOC2PW1%4A(5MCC\^9W4*C(*;)Y_22
LK)``_G2+'U@!&DN\[UX?`^;&Y[-P@

MQ]N`XRZGUH/

9Y$

#


M%DZ!VFL6
^8Q'X=,`\E+$UL-XA*^Z7:EGZ3RO([7$
7
AC`LOYUGRS,I!
M(=;.RN-0.:AA*5?#IP;W2^6LUJA!HQ4@^MX&'AU:SMU7C0['K8Q^40F@?K
M3/V/#SKDYDB-+G6VMA?RJS;4]6A6+-K*+93'JJ`E@!U2`A9C12)RXPBA8E1
MZ@\HEV=HRDBT5BC@C
O#10X@`0NED(!>T8AK1/
M8)


L



M/ZCPB44_!524%XUWBTTHDB5T1MY8$%*63A8?01C1T`9+319-\;W5A)KZ


M(V?3T)*1$]W7CU#JAUE3-$LL$V%Z%FKD=GJ9(?BG:)0K+;((BF3CA\MY*1V
M)MXH`U,OFB4IA#:B#4I*9$C*X_TB=(]4-3(%J4):.*D*Q4E%9=D!3MUVO&+
MA*9H3TF=B;
Z



MU&4#;Z;ISPO\)T(&+X^IAT]EV70?
(#\WX;]_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`
M```A`


W
M$%&/5')`N@]?=P`E
=1@P


M````$````'AL+V-A;&-#:&%I;BYX;6P\CD$*`C$0!.^?QCF[F;U(I)%A1\

MWI(VU395A
2K<*GW9
MB%*9E^/Q-U.\*E%F(CNK#PZ-SN/U5GW6:5:E+3YY1]]J`&Q;J*Z+/.4*LK2#
M/&TJ6:W4+^FHK#
OM`=$2D+TVNWNRQ9?:W%DEY(1QP;*]X(85EOA]8\';
MHBUYWDC;VJKKK4A5U8QD_@?*=FF





M8'

^(
M1SX[$`,UF4=Q@+2I`8#`HVVOZ!&09$8@@[:7\-V`UA!E%]K(PYSI;4Z0QBA_
MA#NK#3/`'9AI3?JT#+D^S4YKI74]?!WT29/!^WIC3-<W


M0MXT
$BW8C#*0

M$W!\:)$UC*T

M([TSRWS_@=E_`0``__\#`%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`!0@H%]0$``$P8```3

M``@````A`+55


M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#9;H13Z`(``'`(```8`````````````````'@.

M=#



M='

``!X;]W




M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`4)&1_@$#```#0``&0`````````````````A



S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(

M971S+W-H965T





W+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`

&PO=V]R:W-H965T




0P`


M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!HV\5!X`
``$4.```8`````````````````)FL``!X





&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S


M``@````A`#;MF@FL`P``40L``!D`````````````````Q

M:&5E='


M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!^QZV&Z@4``-`7```9`````````````````(3-``!X

M+W-H965T

M``8`````$`\%A#JQ



M!@`(````(0GG[SWE0```*D````0`````````````````([P``!X;]C86QC

#````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 226
681


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ (367
408)


        
(226
681)


Cash
 FDIC Insured Amount
250
000


Royalty payment
 percentage of gross annual revenue
        


        
330
000


        
$ 330
000


        
7
500




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 an entity has a working capital deficiency
 also called a working capital deficit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 150
000


Consulting services
 commencment earnings threshold
$ 10
000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET

        

      






PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET [Abstract]
        


PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET
        
NOTE 3 &#150; PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET


 2014. Intangible assets include costs of the initial license to use patented technologies in Malta
 related to the conversion of cellulose materials into energy producing Ethanol.







December 31
 2014



































































279
916




(15
023




264
893












279
916




(15
023




264
893











 2014
330
000


 2014 the Company performed an impairment review of its intangible asset. Undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset were compared to the carrying value of the asset. The undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset were greater than the carrying value of the asset
 impairment was recorded during the year&#160;ended December 31
 2014.

15

 2013
 is as follows:

























19
376






19
376






19
376






19
376






19
376






168
013






264
893










        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C
M-F$R-F%B
3



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3EF,#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U,E\X
M-C)C-F$R-F%B,3,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$Y
M9C`T-&5?
F8V-E\T
6-A7S@U-3)?.#8R8S9A





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


04Y#15]32$5%



O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


\+W@Z3F%M93X-




M/'@Z3F%M93Y354U-05)97T]&7U-)1TY)1DE#04Y47T%#0T]53E0\+W@Z3F%M

M04Y'24)


3T%.7T923TU?4D5




O4VAE970Q

M86UE/E-43T-+2$]



\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\

#I.86UE/E-5
M4%!
14U%3E1!3%]#05-(7T9
#I.86UE/D-/34U)5$U%3E13/]X.DYA;64^#0H@







#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F

O4VAE970R

M/DE.0T]-15]405A%4U]486)L97





M3T9?0E5324Y%4U-?04Y$7T)!4TE37T\Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R






M4D-(05-%1%])3E1!3D=)0DQ%7T%34T544U].13(\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\

15]!

M968]








1$524U]%

#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O
M4VAE970S



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T]-34E4

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E='
^#0H@(#QX

B+SX-







;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
M
3



]






M8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M07!R+B`Q
RP@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@






]



]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N
M9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L
M#0H)3(P






]



BTS


]


]

]


T1T;W`^27
@16YT:71Y(&$@5F]L=6YT



]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($9I;&5R($-A
M=&5G;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y3;6%L;&5R




]


]

]
M

M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR

M/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
M
3




S$L(#(P






]


]



]
M





M97


T1T;W`^06-C
M;W5N='

]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#
Y


]


]




]


]

]
M

#`Q('!A

#`P+#`P

T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+`D,XP
M

C4P+#`P

#

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
L
C




T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@


]

G($1E9FEC:70\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



T1T;W`^5$]404P@3$E!0DE
251)
M15
@04Y$(%-43T-+2$]



3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X
M-C)C-F$R-F%B
3





#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


M+C`P


\+W1D







]
T1R93X-


#`L



]
T1N=6UP/C
R+#
U


]


M+R\O0SHO8S$Y9C`T-&5?
F8V-E\T
6-A7S@U-3)?.#8R8S9A
C9A8C$S+U=O



T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]





T1T;W`^


]

M86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R







T1T



M*#`N



M97AT4&%R=%]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3
-



M(&ED/3-$240P155



M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^06-C=6UU;&%T960@1&5F


M
T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





M
S$L(#(P
3

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P


]


T1T;W`^0V%N8V5L;&%T:6]N(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C

]



T1T;W`^0V%N









S


3
S


T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&1U


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q,BPS-#@I/'-P86X^/]S



]
T1T97AT






@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R


]
T1T

]

]
T1N



C`L.3
Q/'-P


M9VX]

S$L(#(P
30\+W1D

]


#



M7V
Q.68P-#1E7S)F-C9?-#%C85\X-34R7S@V
F
V83(V86(Q
PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*





]
M



C





M+#

]

M97


M9VX]

@


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0W+#$Y

]


]

]




]



]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@

C(L



]

]
M


M:79A;&5N='




2PT.3@\





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?
M.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]


M05154D4@3T8@0E5324Y%4U
@04Y$($)!4TE3($]&(%!215-%3E1!5$E/3CPO
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@

M55-)3D534R!!3D0@0D%325







M:6QI='D@;VX@=&AE($ES;&%N9!O9B!-86QT82P@8V]N=&EN9V5N=!O;B!F




M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
2P@
C`Q-P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9FEL960@=VET:!T:&4@4W1A=&4@;V8@



@3F5W(%)O


3`L(#(P
M


'!T(#`[


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M960@87



M;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@:6UM961I871E;'D@869T97(@=&AE($5X8VAA;F=E+CPO



M9GD[)SXF(S$V

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







30W.U4N4RX@1T%!

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@3F5W


T0G9F]N=#H@





'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$Y9C`T-&5?
F8V-E\T
6-A7S@U-3)?.#8R
M8S9A



M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
M



24-)15



'!T





T0G9F]N=#H@






2P@
C`Q-P@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:&%S(&$@=V]R:VEN9R!C87!I=&%L(&1E9FEC:70@;V8@)#QF;VYT/C,V
M-RPT,#@\+V9O;G0^+!A(&YE=!L;W-S(&]F(0\9F]N=#XR
C8L-C@Q/]F
M;VYT/B!A;F0@:&%S(&YO=!E87)N960@86YY(')E=F5N=65S('1O(&-O=F5R

N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&EN=&5N9'
@=&\@



S$L(#(P




@8G5S:6YE





M=!I;G1E;F1S('1O(')A:7-E(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@9G5N9',@=&AR;W5G:!P
M=6)L:6


T0G9F]N=#H@









M861J=7-T;65N='
@=&AA=!M:6=H=!R97-U;'0@9G)O;2!T:&4@;W5T8V]M

T0G9F]N=#H@
M












M)B

'!T(#`[


@3F5W







T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@




M

M:79A;&5N='




M=#XR-3`L

'!T(#`[






T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M





&ES=X@26YT86YG:6)L92!A<W-E='


M+6QI;F4@8F%S:7




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





S$P



M/B8C

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M9!C;W-T(&%N9!R97!R97-E;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@9F]R(&=O;V1S(&%N







M

'!T(#`[



M(&]F(#QF;VYT/C

M;G0^
S
P+#`P

M:6X@



M(&]F(&5N9VEN965R:6YG(&%N9!S:&%L;!B92!D=64@86YN=6%L;'D@=&AE






M97



#MB87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@;F5T(&]F(&%N(&5S=&EM
M871E9!F;W)F96ET=7)E(')A=&4@86YD(')E8V]G;FEZ97







M5&EM97

M;R!E;7!L;WEE97







@:6X@97AC:&%N9V4@9F]R('1H

M
T0G9F]N=#H@







Q-3`[96UP;&]Y965S(&EN(&%C

M;65N='
@=&\@3F]N)B
Q-3`[16UP;&]Y965S)B


34P

@96ET:&5R('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H




BD@=&AE(&1A=&4@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M9W





30W.T504R8C
30X.RD@;VX@=&AE(&9A8V4@;V8@=&AE(&EN


2!T:&4@=V5I9VAT


@:7
@9&5T97)M:6YE




T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@


#`\+V9O;G0^(&]N
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#

38P

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@



@-S0P
M+3$P+3(U)B

TQ,TR-2P@9&5F97)R960@

@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@9F]R

M9&EF9F5R96YC97

@97AP96-T960@=&\@87!P;'D@=&\@=&%X
M86)L92!I;F-O;64@:6X@=&AE('EE87)S(&EN('=H:6-H('1H;W-E('1E;7!O

M(&]R('-E='1L960N(%5N9&5R($%30R`W-#`M
3`M
C4L('1H92!E9F9E8W0@

@;V8@82!C
M:&%N9V4@:6X@=&%X(')A=&5S(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@:6YC;VUE(&EN

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





M('1H92!A=71H;W)I=&%T:79E(&=U:61A;F-E(&]N(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;65A



@=V]U















'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M9GD[)SY);B!*=6YE(#(P
30L('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3
M=&%N9&%R9'


M:6
@.3$U*3H@16QI;6EN871I;VX@;V8@0V5R=&%I;B!&:6YA;F-I86P@4F5P

M8R`X
3`L($-O;G-O;&ED871I;VXN($%352`R
#$T+3$P(&5L:6UI;F%T97
@


L(&%N

M92!E;G1I='DN($%352`R

M(&=U:61A;F-E(&EN($%30R!4;W!I8R`R-S4@4FES:W
@86YD(%5N8V5R=&%I
M;G1I97







C`Q



M;W)D:6YG;'D@:&%S(&YO=!L86)E;&QE9!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E
M;65N='
@87


T0G9F]N=#H@



30M
34@)B

M:6%L(%-T871E;65N='
@+2!';VEN9R!#;VYC97)N(A3=6)T;W!I8R`R,#4M
M-#`I+!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(&]F(%5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97
@86)O=70@86X@16YT
M:71Y)W

M)B
Q-#@[($%352`R
#$T+3$U(&ES(&EN=&5N9&5D('1O(&1E9FEN92!M86YA
M9V5M96YT)W










;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
M
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]



12!!4U-%5%
L
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@









3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG


#L@=VAI





#`P
#`P(#%P



2P@
C`Q




3`N


38P

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S




@3F5W(%)O



P
#`P
#`@







T1N;W=R








#L\+W-T



#`P






M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G
M=&EM97









@;F5W





M;&4]



M;&4]
#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



M86X]

@;F5W(')O;6%N




#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M
#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


3`N
M






M=&EM97










T0G9F]N


3`N
'!T.R!W


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
#L@9F]N



@







@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SLG/B8C




M;W1T;VT[('=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W=R87`[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CPO



3`N
'!T.R!V97)T:6-A


M.B`Q




M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

'!X


M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


3`N
'!T.R!W:&ET92US


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL



@;F5W(')O









M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SL@


T0Q



T0G






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W=R87`[)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT/C(W.2PY





M.B`G=&EM97



M93H@
3`N







M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M





T1L969T/BD\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


M9SH@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


3`N


M)B





@;F5W(')O;6%N)SL@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

'!X.R!F;VYT


T1L



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T





M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

'!X.R!F


M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=T:6UE

3`N
'!T



T0G

#LG/B8C
38P







T0G

M.B`C
#`P


M:7IE.B`Q


P
M
#`P
#`@
BXX


3`N

P
#`P
#`@
BXX
'!T

M
3`N



M86XG.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
BXX
'!T(&1O

3`N
M


P
#`P
#`@
BXX
'!T(&1O=6)L92`A:6UP;W)T

3`N
'!T.R!V97)T:6-A

M

M=&]M.B`C
#`P


M:7IE.B`Q




M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

M


M86QI9VX]











S`L

M;CH@

#L\+W`^#0H\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

#$T('1H92!#







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

T0G9F]N=#H@

'!E;G-E(')E;&%T
M960@=&\@=&AE('!U<F-H87-E9!I;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S<V5T<R!W87
@)#QF
M;VYT/C$U+#`R
SPO9F]N=#X@9'5R:6YG(#(P


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@



M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M
3`P)3LG(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M;&4]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=T

38P





M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SLG/B8C










W-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M.B`G=&EM97





T0G=F5R=&EC


3`P
M)3XR



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SL@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=T

M.B!B;W1T;VT[('=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W=R87`[)SX\9F]N=#XQ.2PS-S8\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
#L@




M(-C8V5E9F8[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
#LG
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)3XR
#$W/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

@



Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N


M9F]N=#XQ.2PS-S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R




M

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL






3DL



#L\


M

C`Q.3PO=&0^



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




T0G


3DL





M=&EM97


T0Q
#`E

M=&EM97








M



@;F5W(')O


T0Q


M=&EM97




P
#`P
#`@
BXX
'!T(&1O=6)L92`A:6UP;W)T86YT.R!P






M)SXF(S$V

3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
M
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78@:60]
T1%9&=A

S0U-S@Y
#`P




Q-3`[($Q/04X@1E)/

M;CH@
3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SX\8CXF(S$V
#L\







@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG


T0R

M8FQA8VL@



T0G





M;&4]

Q-C`[
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@9F]N=UF86UI



@;F5W(')O







#L\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D




M)SXF(S$V


3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SY4:&4@



M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/CQB/B8C
38P

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3EF
M
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O




]











T0G9F]N

#L\



M8F5R/&)R+SX@






T0G



M;'-P86X]













T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG/B8C

T0G=VED


T0G9F]N


M='

@
M82!$96QA=V%R92!#;W)P;W)A=&EO;B!A;F0@;&EC96YS;W(@;V8@97AC;'5S



#`\+V9O;G0^+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

F8V-E\T
6-A7S@U
M-3)?.#8R8S9A
C9A8C$S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V
Q.68P-#1E7S)F-C9?-#%C85\X-34R7S@V
F
V83(V86(Q

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O


]




G


]

@3F5W(%)O

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

34P.R!35$]#2TA/3$1%4B=3($5154E4

@3F5W(%)O

'!T(#`[



M16X@2&]L9&EN9W

2P@
C`Q-`H=&AE(8C
30W.T-L;W-I

30X.RD@=V4@9FEL960@82!C97)T:69I8V%T92!O9B!M97)G
M97(@:6X@=&AE(%-T871E(&]F($1E;&%W87)E('=H97)E8GD@0FEO+45N($-O


M)B











T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#$T

M:&%R97


T0G9F]N=#H@






C`Q-!T;R!-87)C:`S
2P@
M

XP,#`Q/]F


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M


@





M('1H92!P97)I;V0@8F5T=V5E;B!*86YU87)Y(#8L(#(P

M(#

RPP-#$L.34Q



@3F5W(%)O

'!T(#`[


@


@;VX@8F5H86QF(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY('1O=&%L
M:6YG(0\9F]N=#XQ,S,L-#4T/]F;VYT/BP@=VAI8V@@=V%S('1R96%T960@
M87

M








M/C8L
#(T+#8P



T0G9F]N=#H@

3X-CPO
M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?
M.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3

T0G=&5X




M

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
M




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
34P.R!)3D-/344@5$%815

38P.SPO8CX\+W`^

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97









T0G9F]N=#H@








'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

3`P)3LG

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*

M.B`G=&EM97



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97



B!N;W=R
M87`]











#`P
#`P(#%P=!S;VQI9`A:6UP




M)B


T0G=F5R


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C

T0G







T0G=F5R


#L\+W1D

M.B`G=&EM97




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R





@;F5W



Q-C`[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



@87


@;F5W(')O;6%N


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T



38P.SPO=&0^



M-BPV.#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


M





@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SLG/B8C



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


P
#`P
#`@

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P








T0Q

M(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

M9SH@


M:61T:#TS1#$P




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=T

#`P








M;&4]




P
#`P
#`@
BXX
M






M

P
#`P
#`@
M
BXX


Q



M('!R;W9I9&5D(&$@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!A9V%I;G-T('1H92!F

!L;W-S
M(&-A<G)Y9F]R=V%R9',@=&AA=!C86X@8F4@=71I;&EZ960@9G5T=7)E('!E


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@











3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]



M140@4$%25%D@5%)!3E-!0U1)3TY3/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV(&ED/3-$161G87)304$Q
C


M






@;V8@=')A;G-A8W1I;VYS(&)E='=E





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







T0P


S4E.R!F;VYT+69A
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[


M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97














M93H@
3!P=#LG/BT@1&ER96-T;W(@86YD(&=R96%T97(@=&AA;B`Q




M=&EM97
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@,3!P=#LG/BT@1&ER96-T;W(@86YD(&=R
M96%T97(@=&AA;B`Q,4@<W1O8VMH;VQD97(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^










#L\+W`^



M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG

M:6QY.B`G=&EM97


M(S$V




M)SXF(S$V

M

M87`]







T0G



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4



M



T0G=&5X







#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



M)B




Q





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,B4[(&)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N
M-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G
M=&EM97

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/CQF;VYT/C(X+#
Y
CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







M.B`G=&EM97

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97







6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/D%C8V]U;G1S






T0G



#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/D]N($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#$L(#(P


M9F]N=#XS



@=&%K



G(&-O;6UO;B!S

M9&EN9R!D87ES(&5N9&EN9R!O;B!T:&4@=')A9&EN9R!D87D@:6UM961I871E




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

T0G

T0G9F]N








M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


BPU




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

T0G

T0G9F]N






6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4


3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SX\9F]N=#XR


6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/D]N($UA<F-H(#(S+`R
M


T0G=&5X



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF










T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4:6UE






M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M



T0G




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG



3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
6QE/3-$)V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L
M93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W

@




M)B






T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ







M
F8V-E\T
6-A7S@U-3)?.#8R8S9A
C9A8C$S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q.68P-#1E7S)F-C9?-#%C85\X-34R7S@V
F
V83(V
M86(Q



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E





]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#






M97

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

($-!







M;CH@

#L\+W`^(#PO





M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV(&ED/3-$161G87)304$Q
C

M



'!T(#`[












T0G9F]N=#H@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@3F5W

M
#`L
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM
M97


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
M
3



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






3$@)B
Q-3`[(%-50E-%455%3E0@159%3E13




T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

@


Q-C`[


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q
M8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W



24-)15
@*%!O;&EC:65S


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]




M87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV(&ED/3-$161G87)304$Q
C


M;&4]





M:6%L('-T871E;65N='


@:6X@=&AE



@;V8@







M97

M='

2P@
C`Q-2X\+W`^



2!T;R!R


L(&]B=&%I;FEN9R!A9&1I=&EO;F%L(&9I;F%N









@82!G;VEN9R!C;VYC



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

]
M


3(S-#4W
M.#DP


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



M871I;VX@;V8@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='






M:71I97

M96YS97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78@:60]

M03$R
S0U-S@Y
#`P




T0G9F]N=#H@



@:6YC;'5D:6YG(&9I;F%N8VEA




M(%-E9VUE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV
M(&ED/3-$161G87)304$Q
C



'!T




@3F5W


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A


3(S-#4W.#DP


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M


M=&%I;G




M=7`@=&\@)#QF;VYT/C(U

38P.SPO


M4T%!
3(S-#4W.#DP


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;CH@




3(S-#4W.#DP


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@
&ES=X@26YT
M86YG:6)L92!A<W-E=',@=VET:!E<W1I;6%B;&4@=7-E9G5L(&QI=F5S(&%R

M979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97



T0G9F]N=#H@


]


T0G9F]N=#H@
M













M5&EM97

M97


M(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97




T0G
M9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68[(&UA<F=I;CH@
M

@87)E(&-A
M;&-U;&%T960@87
@=&AE(&=R96%T97(@;V8@/&9O;G0^
SPO9F]N=#XE(&]F
M(&=R;W-S(')E=F5N=65S(&]R(0\9F]N=#XS,S`L,#`P/]F;VYT/BX@4F]Y
M86QT:65S(&%R92!P87EA8FQE('=I=&AI;B`S


S
PP,#`\+V9O;G0^(AI






@87)E


@87)E(')E8V]G



]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG





M:71Y)B

@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%3
M0R`W
3@@)B



L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E
M8V]G;FEZ97
@97%U:71Y)B










M)SXF(S$V

@3F5W






30X.RX@










M5&EM97



T0G9F]N
M=#H@






F(S$T.#LI(&]N('1H92!F86-E(&]F('1H92!I;F-O;64@




@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V
M97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

M:6YG('1H92!P97)I;V0N($1I;'5T960@15!3(&ES(&1E=&5R;6EN960@8GD@


M;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97








2P@



@:6X@



#L\+W`^


]
M
T1T97AT/CQD:78@:60]

S0U-S@Y
#`P


@

M


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S



M97



@-S0P

@86YD

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M

]
M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N






M970@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71Y+B!4:&4@875T:&]R:71A=&EV92!G=6ED86YC92!O











M5&EM97







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78@
M:60]

S0U-S@Y
#`P
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




8C,34Q.T1E=F5L;W!M
M96YT(%-T86=E($5N=&ET:65S(A4;W!I8R`Y
34I.B!%;&EM:6YA=&EO;B!O







30M
3`@
M86QS;R!C;&%R:69I97


@86X@97AC97!T:6]N('1O('1H

M=F5L;W!M96YT('-T86=E(&5N=&ET:65S+!A;F0@=VEL;!R97%U:7)E(&%L




N($%352`R
#$T+3$P(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@

@;F]T(&QA8F5L


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





30M
34@:7
@



@







@;F]T(&%L;&5V:6%T


M=&EO;G


M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='




M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C
M-F$R-F%B
3






M/E!54D-(05-%1!)3E1!3D=)0DQ%($%34T544RP@3D54(A486)L97
I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]


]

@3F5W(%)O





T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A
#LG(&YO=W)A





3`N


#L\

T0Q.!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P








M=&]M.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P=!S;VQI9`A:6UP;W)T86YT.R!P861D:6YG.B`P






T1N;W=R87`^


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97


M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

M

P
#`P
#`@



M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQS


B!S

P
M
#`P
#`@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M;VYG/B8C

#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&)R+SX\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

M



#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q




Q-C`[











M


M93H@
3`N




3`P)3Y&:6YI=&4@;&EV960@:6YT86YG:6)L92!A


@




M;W1T;VT[('=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W=R87`[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CPO



3`N
'!T.R!V97)T:6-A


M.B`Q




M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

'!X


M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=4

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


3`N
'!T.R!W:&ET92US


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL



@;F5W(')O








@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG
M/B8C




M('=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W=R87`[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CPO=&0^#0H\



3`N








M

M=&]M.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P=!S;VQI9`A:6UP;W)T86YT.R!P861D:6YG.B`P

3`N


#`P
#`P(#%P

M
3`N


@;F5W(')O






#`P
#`P

M93H@
3`N

P
#`P
#`@



P
#`P
#`@


M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

'!X.R!F;VYT+7-I


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P=!S;VQI9`A:6UP;W)T86YT.R!P861D

3`N

P
#`P
M
#`@

M:7IE.B`Q

\+V9O







M9SH@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


3`N


M)B






M9&EN9SH@


M/&9O;G0^

M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

'!X.R!F;VYT+7-I


T1L969T














M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M;W=R87`[)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT/C(W.2PY










T1L969T/CPO=&0^#0H\


M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

'!X.R!F;VYT+7-I


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P

'!X


C8T
M+#@Y

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



@;F5W(')O




3`N
'!T.R!W:&ET


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



@;F5W








]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/@T*/'1A



M:6QY.B`G=&EM97




P
#`P
#`@
7!T

#LG/B8C
M









@;F5W(')O



M(S$V




CXF
M(S$V



M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R

M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


3`P)3XR
#$U/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F
#LG

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF

#LG('=I9'1H/3-$,3`P)3XR,#$V/]T




MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

'!X.R!V








M9&EN9SH@

M;&4]


P
#`P
#`@

M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P

M;G0^
38X+#`Q

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

M9&EN9SH@
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P=!S;VQI9`A


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R


P
#`P
#`@
BXX
'!T(&1O=6)L


M(S$V



T0G

P
#`P
#`@
BXX
M


Q-C`[


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3
O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]
T1R

;V%N(&9R;VT@

M/&1I=B!I9#TS1$5D9V%R4T%!
3(S-#4W.#DP


T0G

M

M:6YG/3-$

T0G=F5R=&EC


@;F5W


M;'-P86X]



M

M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC



M97


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


@



M(S$V




M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG/DQO86X@9G)O;2!R96QA=&5D

M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C


Q.68P
M-#1E7S)F-C9?-#%C85\X-34R7S@V
F
V83(V86(Q






]

T1)1#!%344^


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P




M4T%!
3(S-#4W.#DP



'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QS







@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG


M
B!N;W=R87`]





@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG



M.B`G=&EM97



M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F

#L\+W1D/@T*

M(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0R/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



\+W1D/@T*/'1D


#L\+W1D/@T*

M



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q




M)B


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
M
3



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

M


#$T/&)R




]
T1T97AT/CQD:78@:60]
M

S0U-S@Y
#`P


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B
M;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!F
#LG


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E


M

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

'!X



M

M9#X-CQT9!N;W=R87`]





M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B

MCQT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=T





M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UF86UI



M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
#L@



T0G=&5X




M(S$V

#L@

M/CQF;VYT/B@R



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
3H@)U1I



@;F5W(')O;6%N




M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W=R87`[)SX\9F]N=#XS-#PO

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

'!X.R!V


M:61T:#TS1#$P


M86XG.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P=!S;VQI9`A:6UP;W)T


#L\+W1D



M+#`W

M9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

M
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P=!S;VQI9`A:6UP;W)T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@









38P









M(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

M9SH@

T0Q

Z(%9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N

@;F5W






38P


'!X.R!V97)T

M9VAT.B`Q



M;&4]


#LG/B8C
M


'!X


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

M86XG.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P



M=&EM97

'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B`C
#`P



3EF
M
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$






]
M

]























@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/C(P
30\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

@


#L\+V9O;G0^



#L\+V9O





M


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/E1H92!F;VQL;W=I










M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C


M.B`G=&EM97















@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG/CQF

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG
M/B8C

M(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG/CQF;VYT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C
M


@





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

M=&EM97

M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C




@861V86YC97


N(%1H97-E(&%D=F%N8V5S(&)E87(@;F\@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SLG/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG/CQF

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG
M/B8C



M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M
3H@)U1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS









@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG/CQF

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG


T0G


3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SY/;B!$96-E;6)E


Q
M-C`[)B

M/&9O;G0^
S`L




#PO9F]N=#XE+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/CQF

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG
M/B8C

M(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG/CQF;VYT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C
M

3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M8V5M8F5R(#


M;G-A=&EO;B!O9B`D/&9O;G0^-RPU



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/CQF

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG
M/B8C

M(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG/CQF;VYT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C
M

3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI










2!P=7)C:&%S960@;&EC96YS92!R:6=H='
@9G)O

M

M

T0G

M;&4]



Q


M;&4]

Q-C`[

M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C
38P.SPO

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97

M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N








M;&4]

Q-C`[

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B



#PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SLG/CQF

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG
M/B8C





M:6QY.B`G5&EM97

M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M.B`G=&EM97

M:6QY.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SLG/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3EF
#0T
M95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3




M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M3D%455)%($]&($)54TE.15-3($%.1!05-)4R!/1B!04D5314Y4051)3TX@
M*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@Y



]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]






]

]
T1N=6T^*#(R-BPV.#$I



]
T1N=6UP/C
N




S`L
#`P/'-P86X^



M9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5L96UE;G1S(&5X8VQU9&5D(&9R;VT@
M96%R;FEN9W







]
M

M


#$T/&)R





@



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@


M.3




M;&4@07-S971S(%M



]
T1N=6UP/C(W.2PY







I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


3EF
#0T95\R9C8V
M7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3

M




M
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`R
RP@


]

]



]
M





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V
M7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


M2$%3140@24Y404Y'24)
12!!4U-%5%

S$L(#(P
M





T1T;W`^
M


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#


]

3DL



#$S




M
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4










]





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

Q.68P-#1E
M7S)F-C9?-#%C85\X-34R7S@V
F
V83(V86(Q







]

T1)1#!%1$)!0SX-

051%


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

]


T1T;W`^3&EC96YS92!R:6=H='

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S
P+#`P


]



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$Y9C`T-&5?
F8V-E\T
6-A7S@U-3)?.#8R8S9A
M

O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M*$1E=&%I;'

]

M


#$T/&)R

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M;VYG/E-43T-+2$]


]


]



]






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@










]







M9VX]
T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D(&%S(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@9F]R(&QI

]
M


]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D(&%S(&-O;G-I9&5R871I








]



]









]


]



2!O9F9I8V5R/]T




]
T1R

]
T1N


]




]


]








]

M=&%I;'


]

]


]








]
M


]
T1P


97-S.B!686QU
M871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]


F8V-E\T
M
6-A7S@U-3)?.#8R8S9A
C9A8C$S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V
Q.68P-#1E7S)F-C9?-#%C85\X-34R7S@V
F
V83(V86(Q
R]7

S


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5&1SX-B`@(`@(#QT


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P





@





M
F8V-E\T
6-A7S@U-3)?.#8R8S9A
C9A8C$S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q.68P-#1E7S)F-C9?-#%C85\X-34R7S@V
F
V83(V
M86(Q



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5#2$%#/@T*

M






T0Q

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

]



T1T;W`^3&]A;B!F


]

]





]

S`L



]

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q
M8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
3


T0G



@*%-C



M;'-P86X]

S$L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`R
RP@
M

]





M86QI9VX]


]



]


]

BPU






T1T;W`^1V5O9F9R97D@36-


]


]
















]
M


M9VX]




M


]

]



]


]








S`L

M/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3EF
#0T95\R9C8V7S0Q8V%?.#4U
E\X-C)C-F$R-F%B
M
3



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P15)04,^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4$Q%345.5$%


]
T1T





]








]


F8V-E\T
6-A7S@U
M-3)?.#8R8S9A
C9A8C$S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V
Q.68P-#1E7S)F-C9?-#%C85\X-34R7S@V
F
V83(V86(Q

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]




#`P/'-P86X^




M9C`T-&5?
F8V-E\T
6-A7S@U-3)?.#8R8S9A
C9A8C$S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q.68P-#1E7S)F-C9?-#%C85\X-34R7S@V
M
F
V83(V86(Q


M;&YS.F\]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 28
392




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Schedule of Amortization Expense) (Details) (USD $)







PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET [Abstract]
        


        
$ 19
376


        
19
376


        
19
376


        
19
376


        
19
376


        
168
013


        
$ 264
893




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 279
661
$ 330
000


        
$ 10
000
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 officers or stockholders (for example
 owner's immediate families or employee pension trusts) at the financial statement date. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
28
980
000
        
        
        


Stock issued for professional services
 shares
        
        
4
409
196
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued as consideration for license rights
 shares
        
2
548
853
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued to related parties for services
 shares
        
        
23
041
951
        


        
        
        
2
304
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
$ 133
454


        
7
894
625
        
        
        


        
6
024
601
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The principal accounting policies are set out below
 these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at December 31
 2014




 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31
The ability of the Company to realize its business plan is dependent upon
 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and development of its business plan. In response to these problems
These factors
 among others
The Company intends to operate in an industry that is subject to rapid change. The Company's operations will be subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
 operational
 technological
 regulatory and other risks
250
Property
The Company does not own any property
Identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
Under Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 310
 &#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&#148;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
330
330

 client contract or initiation of engineering and shall be due annually thereafter. Royalties are expensed in the statements of operation in the period that the related revenues are recognized

 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToOtherRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaimsRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_ContributedCapitalPaymentOfExpensesByRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_BoardOfDirectorsChairmanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_DirectorServiceAgreementAnnualPaymentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_CompensationMonthlySalary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_DirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_DirectorServiceAgreementAnnualPaymentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_CompensationMonthlySalary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=olia_DirectorTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_DirectorServiceAgreementAnnualPaymentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_CompensationMonthlySalary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_LicensingAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_PurchaseOfIntangibleAssetsPercentageOfCommonStockIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPercentageOfOwnershipAfterTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiquidityDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_RisksAndUncertaintiesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_olia_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionServicesRoyaltyFees'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
The Company accounts for share&#150;based payments granted to non&#150;employees in accordance with ASC 505
 &#147;Equity Based Payments to Non&#150;Employees&#148;. The Company determines the fair value of the stock&#150;based payment as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used
 it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached
 or (2) the date at which the counterparty's performance is complete.


        
The Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260
 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&#147;EPS&#148;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares
Common stock equivalents totaling


 2014 were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share on the statement of operations due to the fact that the Company reported a net loss in 2014 and to do so would be anti-dilutive.


        
The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 (&#147;ASC 740-10-25&#148;). Under ASC 740-10-25
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.


        
The Company measures assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.


        
In June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#147;ASU&#148;) No. 2014-10&#151;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements
 Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation. ASU 2014-10 eliminates several of the reporting requirements for development stage entities
 including the requirement to present inception to date information in the statements of income
 cash flows
 and shareholder equity
 and to label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity. ASU 2014-10 also clarifies that the guidance in ASC Topic 275 Risks and Uncertainties
 is applicable to entities that have not commenced principal operations
 and eliminates an exception to the sufficiency-of-equity risk criterion for development stage entities
 and will require all reporting entities that have an interest in development stage enterprises to apply consistent consolidation guidance for variable interest entities. ASU 2014-10 is effective for all annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
In August 2014
 FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15 &#147;Preparation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.&#148; ASU 2014-15 is intended to define management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Specifically
 ASU 2014-15 provides a definition of the term substantial doubt and requires an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). It also requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management's plans and requires an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated. The new standard will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 with early adoption permitted. The Company will evaluate the going concern considerations in this ASU
 however
 at the current period
 management does not believe that it has met conditions which would subject these financial statements for additional disclosure.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events
 such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is consideration or a share of the proceeds paid by another party to the owner of a right (that is
 the entity) for its use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
226
681


        
(226
681)


        
$ (226
681)


        
        


        
        


        
30
481
838




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On August 21
 2014 the Company entered into a Share Exchange / Merger Agreement
 between Bio-En Holdings Corp f/k/a Olivia
 Inc a Delaware corporation
 Serena B. Potash (the Principal Shareholder) and Bio-En Corp
 a Delaware corporation. On August 21
 2014 (the &#147;Closing Date&#148;) we filed a certificate of merger in the State of Delaware whereby Bio-En Corp merged with Bio-En Holdings Corp
In connection with the Share Exchange / Merger Agreement and our Chief Executive Officer and Director
 Ms. Potash

024
In conjunction with the Merger Agreement
 all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bio-En Corp at August 21

980
For the period from January 6
 2014 to March 31
 2014

409
196
On March 23

548
853
For the period between January 6
 2014 and March 31

041
2
For the year ended December 31
 2014


On August 21
 2014
 the Company entered into a Share Exchange and Merger Agreement with Bio-En Holdings Corp

894


024
601




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
































279
661





The above payable arose from the acquisition of License Rights purchase from GeneSyst International
 Inc a Delaware Corporation and licensor of exclusive rights to patents for the conversion of cellulose material into energy producing Ethanol. The above loan is unsecured

000
000






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        












































28
392



From time to time
 the president and stockholder of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These advances bear no interest and are due on demand.
















7
500



On December 1
 2014
 the Company entered into a director service agreement. With Serena B. Potash
 Chairman of the Board/Director
 Geoffrey McLaren
 Director and Joseph Micalle


 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors taking quarterly fee in cash
 the Corporation may
 at the election of the Directors
 pay the Directors in shares of the common stock.&#160;&#160;The conversion price of each issuance is calculated by the average of the closing prices per share of the Corporations' common stock on the 













For the year ended December 31
 2014
7
2
500
















279
661



On March 23


 more fully described in note 5.























7
500



2
500











        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Tables)

        

      






PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET [Abstract]
        


        
        





December 31
 2014



































































279
916




(15
023




264
893












279
916




(15
023




264
893











        
        























19
376






19
376






19
376






19
376






19
376






168
013






264
893








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
. Issuance was in accordance with the Company's Exclusive License Agreement in Malta
 which included an initial partial payment equal to 




        
          

        
          
            

 including cash
 noncash
 and part noncash transactions
 for the period. Noncash is defined as information about all investing and financing activities of an enterprise during a period that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. Part noncash refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2014 differs from the amount which would be expected as a result of applying the statutory tax rates to the losses before income taxes due primarily to changes in the valuation allowance to fully reserve net deferred tax assets.








































(226
681













77
072






77
072






(77
072













 2014


 and expire by the year 2033.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        















































































28
392



From time to time
 the president and stockholder of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These advances bear no interest and are due on demand.
















7
500



On December 1
 2014
 the Company entered into a director service agreement. With Serena B. Potash
 Chairman of the Board/Director
 Geoffrey McLaren
 Director and Joseph Micalle


 payable in equal payments on the first day of each calendar quarter. In lieu of the Directors taking quarterly fee in cash
 the Corporation may
 at the election of the Directors
 pay the Directors in shares of the common stock.&#160;&#160;The conversion price of each issuance is calculated by the average of the closing prices per share of the Corporations' common stock on the 













For the year ended December 31
 2014
7
2
500
















279
661



On March 23


 more fully described in note 5.























7
500



2
500













        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 2014 with GeneSyst International Inc
 to provide Technical Support Services in the field of gravity pressure vessel application and related matters.

150
10
000
000






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 28
392
        


        
7
500
        


        
279
661
330
000


        
        
        


        
$ 7
500
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 officers or stockholders (for example
 owner's immediate families or employee pension trusts) at the financial statement date. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





























279
661








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Schedule of Purchased Intangible Assets) (Details) (USD $)

        

      






        
        


        
$ 279
916


        
(15
023)


        
264
893


        
        


        
        


        
279
916


        
(15
023)


        
$ 264
893


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
        
        
        
        
        


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013
        
        
9
394
604
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Cancellation of common stock in reverse merger
 shares
        
        
(6
024
601)
        
        


        
133
454
        
        
133
454
        


        
(9
450)
        
2
898
(12
348)
        


Issuance of common stock due to reverse merger
 shares
        
        
28
980
000
        
        


        
(226
681)
        
        
        
(226
681)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2014
$ (102
515)
        
$ 3
235
$ 120
931
$ (226
681)


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2014
        
        
32
350
003
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
28
The above loan is unsecured
 bears no interest and has no set terms of repayment. This loan is repayable on demand.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)

        
        

      










PURCHASED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET [Abstract]
        
        


Purchased intangible assets
 percent of common stock issued
        
        


        
$ 279
661
$ 330
000


        
$ 15
023
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 officers or stockholders (for example
 owner's immediate families or employee pension trusts) at the financial statement date. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      





    




    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
28
392




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













