

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-008924
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210415
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blue Star Foods Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001730773
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PREPARED FRESH OR FROZEN FISH & SEAFOODS [2092]
		IRS NUMBER:				824270040
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55903
		FILM NUMBER:		21829227
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3330 CLEMATIS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 217
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-341-2684
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3330 CLEMATIS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 217
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AG ACQUISITION GROUP II
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180207








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
One)



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For

 2020





    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________

Commission
file number: 

BLUE
STAR FOODS CORP.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    incorporation or organization)
    
(IRS
    Employer 
    Identification No.)

    
    
    

3000
    NW 109th Avenue
    Miami
 Florida
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


(305)
836-6858
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)


(Former
name
 former address and former fiscal year
 if changed since last report)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of each class
    
    
        
    
Name
                                         of each exchange
on
        which registered

    
    
N/A
    
    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Common
Stock
 $0.0001 par value

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer a smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of the &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;non-accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
Large
    Accelerated Filer
    
Accelerated
    Filer
    

    
Non-Accelerated
    Filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    

    
    
Emerging
    Growth Company 
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No
[X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at
which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of
the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was $3
344
524.00.

As
of April 15
 2021
 there were 19
633
161 shares of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Not
Applicable.





    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    

    
    

FORWARD-LOOKING
    STATEMENTS
    

    
    
    

PART
    I
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    1.
    
    

ITEM
    1A.
RISK
    FACTORS
    

ITEM
    1B.
UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS
    

ITEM
    2.
    
    

ITEM
    3.
LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS
    

ITEM
    4.
MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES
    

    
    
    

PART
    II
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    5.
MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    

ITEM
    6.
SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA
    

ITEM
    7.
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
    

ITEM
    7A.
QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
    

ITEM
    8.
FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
    

ITEM
    9.
CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
    

ITEM
    9A.
CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES
    

ITEM
    9B.
OTHER
    INFORMATION
    

    
    
    

PART
    III
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    10.
DIRECTORS
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    

ITEM
    11.
EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION
    

ITEM
    12.
SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
    

ITEM
    13.
CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
    

ITEM
    14.
PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
    

    
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    15.
EXHIBITS
    FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
    

ITEM
    16.
FORM
    10-K SUMMARY
    

    
    



    
    


FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

Except
for historical information
 this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
(the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). Such forward-looking statements include
 among others
 those statements including the words
&ldquo;believes&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intends&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plans&rdquo;
and words of similar import. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors
that may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements
 or industry results
 to be materially different from any future
results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking
statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business
 potential target businesses
 the economy
and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future
 by their nature
 they are subject to inherent
uncertainties
 risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from
those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. We caution you therefore that you should not rely on any of these forward-looking
statements as statements of historical fact or as guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include changes in local
 regional
 national
or global political
 economic
 business
 competitive
 market (supply and demand) and regulatory conditions and the following:



    
    
Our
    ability to raise capital when needed and on acceptable terms and conditions;

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    ability to make acquisitions and integrate acquired businesses into our company;

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    ability to attract and retain management with experience in the business of importing
 packaging and selling of seafood;

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    ability to negotiate
 finalize and maintain economically feasible agreements with suppliers and customers;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    availability of crab meat and other premium seafood products we sell;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    intensity of competition; 

    
    
    

    
    
Changes
    in the political and regulatory environment and in business and fiscal conditions in the United States and overseas; and

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
The
    effect of COVID-19 on our operations and the capital markets.


These
risks and others described under the section &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; below are not exhaustive.

Given
these uncertainties
 readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on such forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to publicly announce the
result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments.

All
references in this Annual Report to the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 are to
Blue Star Foods Corp. (formerly AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)
 a Delaware corporation
 and its consolidated subsidiaries
 John
Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.
 d/b/a Blue Star Foods
 a Florida corporation (&ldquo;Keeler &amp; Co.&rdquo;) and its wholly-owned subsidiary
Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC
 a Florida limited liability company (&ldquo;Coastal Pride&rdquo;).


    
    


PART
I

ITEM
1. BUSINESS



We
were incorporated on October 17
 2017 in the State of Delaware as a blank check company to be used as a vehicle to pursue a business
combination with an unidentified target. Since inception and prior to the Merger (as defined below)
 we only engaged in organizational
efforts. Following the Merger
 we discontinued our prior activities of seeking a business for a merger or acquisition. In connection
with the Merger
 we changed our name from &ldquo;AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.&rdquo; to &ldquo;Blue Star Foods Corp.&rdquo; and
succeeded to the business of Keeler &amp; Co.
 which was formed on May 15
 1995.



On
November 8
 2018 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the &ldquo;Merger
Agreement&rdquo;)
 with Keeler &amp; Co.
 Blue Star Acquisition Corp.
 our newly formed
 wholly-owned Florida subsidiary (&ldquo;Acquisition
Sub&rdquo;)
 and John Keeler
 Keeler &amp; Co&rsquo;s sole stockholder (the &ldquo;Sole Stockholder&rdquo;). Pursuant to the terms
of the Merger Agreement
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Keeler &amp; Co
 which was the surviving corporation and thus became
our wholly-owned subsidiary (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;).

At
the Closing Date
 each of the 500 shares of common stock of Keeler &amp; Co issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing
of the Merger was converted into 30
000 shares of our common stock. As a result
 an aggregate of 15
000
000 shares of our common
stock were issued to the Sole Stockholder.

At
the effective time of the Merger
 the Company redeemed an aggregate of 9
250
000 shares of common stock from the pre-Merger stockholders
of the Company (the &ldquo;Pre-Merger Holders&rdquo;) for cancellation by the Company (the &ldquo;Share Redemption&rdquo;) and
as a result
 the Pre-Merger Holders retained an aggregate of 750
000 shares of common stock after the Merger
 representing a value
of $1.5 million. The shares were redeemed in consideration for the direct benefit the Pre-Merger Holders will receive in connection
with the consummation of the Merger.



Concurrently
with the closing of the Merger
 we closed a private placement offering (the &ldquo;Offering&rdquo;) in which we sold an aggregate
of 725 units of our securities (the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;) at a purchase price of $1
000 per Unit
 for aggregate gross proceeds
of $725
000. Each Unit consisted of one share of the Company&rsquo;s 8% Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001
per share (the &ldquo;Series A Stock&rdquo;) and a three-year warrant (the &ldquo;Warrant&rdquo;) to purchase one-half of one
share of common stock for every share of common stock that would be received upon conversion of a share of Series A Stock (the
&ldquo;Warrant Shares&rdquo;)
 at an exercise price of $2.40. The Series A Stock is convertible into shares (the &ldquo;Conversion
Shares&rdquo;) of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 at a conversion rate of $2.00 per share (the &ldquo;Conversion Rate&rdquo;).
We issued 353
250 Warrant Shares in the Offering
 which Warrant Shares are exercisable independently of any conversion of Series
A Stock. The net proceeds of the Offering were used by the Company for general corporate purposes.

Company
Settlement

Effective
upon the closing of the Merger
 we issued an aggregate of 688 Units to eleven &ldquo;accredited investors&rdquo; (the &ldquo;Settlement
Parties&rdquo;) for each such individual or entity entering into a settlement and mutual general release agreement (the &ldquo;Settlement
Agreement&rdquo;) with the Company in full and complete settlement and satisfaction and release of claims such Settlement Parties
may have against the Company (the &ldquo;Company Settlement&rdquo;).

2018
Equity Incentive Award Plan

In
connection with the Merger
 we adopted the 2018 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the &ldquo;2018 Plan&rdquo;)
 which was effective
immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger. The principal purpose of the 2018 Plan is to attract
 retain and motivate
selected employees
 consultants and non-employee directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and cash-based
performance bonus awards. 7
500
000 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan as future incentive awards
to executive officers
 employees
 consultants and directors.


    
    


Upon
the closing of the Merger
 (i) options to purchase an aggregate of 104 shares of Keeler &amp; Co&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise
price of $10
000 per share
 which were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger
 were converted into ten-year
immediately exercisable options to purchase an aggregate of 3
120
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.333 under
the 2018 Plan
 and (ii) ten-year options to purchase 3
120
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest
one-year from the date of grant
 were issued under the 2018 Plan.

Changes
to the Board of Directors and Executive Officers

On
the Closing Date of the Merger
 the then-current directors and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
resigned from all such positions as directors and officers of the Company and were replaced by new officers and directors.



In
connection with the Merger
 each of our executive officers and directors after giving effect to the Merger (the &ldquo;Restricted
Holders&rdquo;) and each of the Pre-Merger Holders
 holding at the closing date of the Merger an aggregate of 750
000 shares of
our common stock
 entered into lock-up agreements (the &ldquo;Lock-Up Agreements&rdquo;)
 whereby the Restricted Holders are restricted
for a period of 18 months and the Pre-Merger Holders are restricted for 12 months
 after the Merger (the &ldquo;Restricted Period&rdquo;)
from sales or dispositions (including pledges) in excess of 50% of all of the Common Stock held by (or issuable to) them and at
a price below $2.20 per share (such restrictions together the &ldquo;Lock-Up&rdquo;). Notwithstanding such restrictions
 during
the Restricted Period (i) the Restricted Holders may transfer up to 10% of their shares to a charitable organization which agrees
to be bound by such Lock-Up restrictions and (ii) the Pre-Merger Holders may transfer up to 10% of their shares to a third party
which agrees to be bound by such Lock-Up restrictions. From and after the Restricted Period
 neither the Restricted Holders nor
the Pre-Merger Holders may sell
 dispose or otherwise transfer more than one-third of the Common Stock held by such Holder in
any two-month period.

Redemption
from Pre-Merger Holders

In
connection with the Merger
 the Company redeemed an aggregate of 9
250
000 shares of Common Stock from the Company&rsquo;s Pre-Merger
Holders for cancellation by the Company (the &ldquo;Share Redemption&rdquo;) and
 as a result
 the stockholders retained an aggregate
of 750
000 shares of common stock after the Merger (the &ldquo;Retained Shares&rdquo;)
 representing a value of $1.5 million.
The shares were redeemed in consideration for the direct benefit the Pre-Merger Holders will receive in connection with the consummation
of the Merger.

Our
authorized capital stock currently consists of 100
000
000 shares of Common Stock
 and 5
000
000 shares of the preferred stock
of which 10
000 shares have been designated as Series A Stock. Our Common Stock is not traded on any exchange. Our Common Stock
has been quoted on the OTC pink sheets under the symbol &ldquo;BSFC&rdquo; since February 18
 2020. Currently
 there is a limited
trading market for our Common Stock.

Coastal
Pride Acquisition

On
November 26
 2019
 Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Purchaser&rdquo;) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
(the &ldquo;Coastal Merger Agreement&rdquo;) with Coastal Pride Company
 Inc.
 a South Carolina corporation
 Coastal Pride Seafood
LLC
 a Florida limited liability company and newly-formed
 wholly-owned subsidiary of Keeler &amp; Co. (the &ldquo;Acquisition
Subsidiary&rdquo; and
 upon the effective date of the Coastal Merger
 the &ldquo;Surviving Company)
 and The Walter F. Lubkin
Jr. Irrevocable Trust dated 1/8/03 (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;)
 Walter F. Lubkin III (&ldquo;Lubkin III&rdquo;)
 Tracy Lubkin Greco
(&ldquo;Greco&rdquo;) and John C. Lubkin (&ldquo;Lubkin&rdquo;)
 constituting all of the shareholders of Coastal Pride Company
Inc. immediately prior to the Coastal Merger (collectively
 the &ldquo;Sellers&rdquo;). Pursuant to the terms of the Coastal
Merger Agreement
 Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. merged with and into the Acquisition Subsidiary
 with the Acquisition Subsidiary
being the surviving company (the &ldquo;Coastal Merger&rdquo;).

Coastal
Pride is a seafood company
 based in Beaufort
 South Carolina
 that imports pasteurized and fresh crabmeat sourced primarily from
Mexico and Latin America and sells premium branded label crabmeat throughout North America.


    
    


Pursuant
to the terms of the Coastal Merger Agreement
 the following consideration was paid by Keeler &amp; Co.: (i) an aggregate of $394
622
in cash; (ii) a five-year 4% promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 (the &ldquo;Lubkin Note)
 issued by Keeler &amp;
Co. to Walter Lubkin Jr. (&ldquo;Walter Jr.&rdquo;); (iii) three-year 4% convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal
amount of $210
000 (collectively
 the &ldquo;Sellers Notes&rdquo; and together with the Lubkin Note
 the &ldquo;Notes&rdquo;)
issued by Keeler &amp; Co. to Greco
 Lubkin III and Lubkin
 pro rata to their ownership of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc.
immediately prior to the Coastal Merger; (iii) 500
000 shares of common stock of the Company
 issued to Walter Lubkin
Jr. (the &ldquo;Walter Jr. Shares&rdquo;); and (iii) an aggregate of 795
000 shares of common stock of the Company
 issued to
Greco
 Lubkin III and Lubkin
 pro rata to their ownership of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. immediately prior to the Coastal
Merger (together with the Walter Jr. Shares
 the &ldquo;Consideration Shares&rdquo;).

The
Notes are subject to a right of offset against the Sellers&rsquo; indemnification obligations as described in the Coastal Merger
Agreement and are subordinate and subject to prior payment of all indebtedness of John Keeler under the Loan Agreement with Lighthouse
Financial Corp.
 a North Carolina corporation (&ldquo;Lighthouse&rdquo;).

Principal
and interest under the Lubkin Note are payable quarterly
 commencing February 26
 2020
 in an amount equal to the lesser of (i)
$25
000 and (i) 25% of the Surviving Company&rsquo;s quarterly earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation and amortization.

One-sixth
of the principal and interest under the Sellers Notes are payable quarterly commencing on August 26
 2021. The Sellers Notes are
convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at the Seller&rsquo;s option
 at any time after the first anniversary of
the date of the Note
 at the rate of one share for each $2.00 of principal and/or interest so converted (the &ldquo;Conversion
Shares&rdquo;).

Keeler&nbsp;&amp;
Co. has the right to prepay the Notes in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium.

At
the effective time of the Coastal Merger
 the Sellers entered into leak-out agreements (each
 a &ldquo;Leak-Out Agreement&rdquo;)
pursuant to which the Sellers and Walter Jr. may not directly or indirectly pledge
 sell
 or transfer any of the Consideration
Shares or Conversion Shares
 or enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers any of the economic consequences of ownership
of any such shares for one year from the date of the Coastal Merger. Thereafter
 each Seller and Walter Jr. may transfer up to
25% of the aggregate of the Consideration Shares and the Conversion Shares held by such person
 in each successive six-month period.

In
connection with the Coastal Merger
 Lubkin III and Greco agreed to serve as president and chief financial officer
 respectively
of the Surviving Company.

ACF
Finco I
 LP (&ldquo;ACF&rdquo;) and Keeler &amp; Co. were parties to a loan and security agreement
 originally dated as of August
31
 2016. As a condition to ACF&rsquo;s waiver of certain events of default under the Loan Agreement
 and consent to the formation
of the Acquisition Subsidiary and the Coastal Merger
 the Acquisition Subsidiary and Keeler &amp; Co. entered into the Joinder
and Seventh Amendment to the Loan Agreement which resulted
 among other things
 in Coastal Pride becoming an additional borrower
under the Loan Agreement. On March 31
 2021
 Keeler &amp; Co. and Coastal Pride entered into a loan and security agreement (the
&ldquo;Loan Agreement&rdquo;) with Lighthouse Financial Corp.
 a North Carolina corporation (&ldquo;Lighthouse&rdquo;)
 and the
loan with ACF was extinguished.

Company
Overview

We
are an international seafood company that imports
 packages and sells refrigerated pasteurized crab meat
 and other premium seafood
products. Our current source of revenue is from importing blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 the Philippines
and China and distributing it in the United States and Canada under several brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
Crab &amp; Go
 First Choice
 Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh. The crab meat which we import is processed in 13 plants throughout
Southeast Asia. Our suppliers are primarily via co-packing relationships
 including two affiliated suppliers. We sell primarily
to food service distributors. We also sell our products to wholesalers
 retail establishments and seafood distributors.

Our
premium proprietary brands are differentiated in terms of quality and price point.


    
    


We
believe that we utilize best-in-class technology
 in both resource sustainability management and ecological packaging.

The
Company&rsquo;s executive offices and warehouse facility are based in Miami
 Florida. The offices of Coastal Pride Seafood LLC
are located in Beaufort
 South Carolina. Additionally
 the Company may
 from time to time
 utilize third party warehouses located
in Miami
 Baltimore
 Philadelphia and Los Angeles.



Our
strategy is to create a vertically integrated seafood company that offers customers high quality products while maintaining a
focus on our core values of delivering food safety
 traceability and certified sustainability.

We
plan to grow the Company organically by continuing to grow our customer base
 offering additional species to our customers
 introducing
new value-added product lines and strategically acquiring companies with strong portfolio of anchored categories that we believe
we can integrate into a larger
 vertically integrated company.

Competitive
Strengths - Sustainable and Traceable Product Sourcing

We
believe that our greatest point of differentiation from other seafood companies are our efforts to ensure that our seafood products
are ethically sourced in a method that is consistent with our core values and those of our customers.

We
purchase the majority of our crab product from processors which source the crab meat from local fishermen in Indonesia
 the Philippines
Thailand
 Vietnam
 Sri Lanka and India
 to whom we pay a premium in order to outfit their boats with a proprietary GPS-based system.
This system allows us to trace where the crab product originates and ensure that only mature crabs are being harvested by the
use of collapsible traps and not gill nets.

We
have created a technology platform that tracks the product through its entire chain of custody and collects and transmits various
data to the Company in real-time
 from the loading site
 to the packing plant
 through the sorting and pasteurization process
and the exporting process to the end customer. Our technology allows our customers access to their &ldquo;Scan on Demand&rdquo;
QR code-enabled traceability application.

The
crab meat is purchased directly from processors with whom we have long-standing relationships
 that have agreed to source their
product in a sustainable manner. All crab meat is sourced under the Company&rsquo;s FDA approved Hazard Analysis Critical Control
Point (&ldquo;HACCP&rdquo;) Plan. Additionally
 all suppliers are certified by the British Retail Consortium (the &ldquo;BRC&rdquo;)
and are audited annually to ensure safety and quality of our product.

Our
warehouse facility in Miami
 Florida is the only crab meat facility audited by the BRC (graded A++) in the U.S.

Proprietary
Brands

We
have created several brands of crab meat that are well regarded amongst our customers and are differentiated by product quality
and price point.



    
Blue
    Star
    quality control requirements. 

    
    

    
Pacifika
    
    upscale plate presentations.

    
    

    
Oceanica
    
 which is caught and processed in Vietnam. It is an affordable choice to help reduce
    food cost without sacrificing the look and taste of dishes.

    
    

    
Crab
    + Go
    is packaged in flexible foil pouches. 

    
    

    
Lubkin
    Brand



    
    




    
First
    Choice

    
    

    
Good
    Stuff

    
    

    
Fresh
    Brand


Eco-Friendly
Packaging

Another
major point of differentiation from our competitors is our use of sustainable and ethical packaging. Our green pouches for Eco-Fresh
crab meat are patented in the United States
 Europe
 Thailand
 the Philippines and Indonesia under patent Nos.1526091 B1 and US
Patents 8
337
922 and 8
445
046. Since their introduction in 2003
 these pouches have saved in excess of one million metric tons
of carbon dioxide emissions versus metal can packaging material.



In
general
 the international seafood industry is intensely competitive and highly fragmented. We compete with local and overseas
manufacturers and importers engaged in similar products.

The
Company&rsquo;s primary competitors are Tri Union Frozen Products
 Inc. (Chicken of the Sea Frozen Foods)
 Phillips Foods
 Inc.
Harbor Seafood
 Inc.
 Newport International and Twin Tails Seafood Corp.

Industry
Overview

The
international seafood industry is going through a period of rapid change as it strives to meet the needs of a growing population
around the world
 where food consumption habits are evolving. We believe there are powerful trends emerging in the developing
world
 including a growing demand for animal-based protein
 as well as and in the developed world where there is an increased
awareness and focus on sustainable sourcing and protecting marine ecosystems.

Population
Growth and Global Seafood Consumption



    
&#9679;
    
The
    United Nations estimates that there will be close to 9.7 billion people on our planet by the year 2050
 a significant increase
    from the existing population estimates of 7.7 billion. 

    
    
    

    
    
United
    Nations &ndash; Department of Economic and Social Affairs (2019)




    
    
As
    the population has grown
 so has per capita consumption. Per capita food fish consumption grew from 9.0 kg (live weight equivalent)
    in 1961 to 20.5 kg in 2018
 by about 1.5% per year. 

    
    
    

    
    
Food
    and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations &ldquo;The State of the World Fisheries and Aquaculture &ndash; 2020&rdquo;.


Sources
of Seafood



    
&#9679;
    
Global
    total capture fishery production in 2018 reached 96.4 million tons
 an increase of 5.4 percent from the average of the previous
    three years
 of which 84.4 million tons from marine waters and 12.0 million tons from inland waters. 

    
    
    

    
    
Food
    and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations &ldquo;The State of the World Fisheries and Aquaculture &ndash; 2020&rdquo;.

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
Global
    aquaculture production in 2018 reached 114.5 million tons in live weight
 of which 51.3 million tons came from inland aquaculture.
    

    
    
    

    
    
Food
    and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations &ldquo;The State of the World Fisheries and Aquaculture &ndash; 2020&rdquo;.



    
    


Seafood
Industry Participants



    
    
The
    mix of parties involved in seafood varies from the local village fisherman
 to large
 international
 vertically-integrated
    seafood companies. 

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
The
    total number of fishing vessels in the world in 2018 is estimated at about 4.6 million
 with the fleet in Asia being the largest
    consisting of 3.1 million vessels and accounting for 68 percent of the global fleet
 followed by the Americas (14%)
 Europe
    (10%)
 Africa (7%)
 and Oceania (1%). 

    
    
    

    
    
Food
    and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations &ldquo;The State of the World Fisheries and Aquaculture &ndash; 2020&rdquo;.


Growth
Strategy

We
intend to grow the business organically and through strategic acquisitions.

Organic
growth &ndash; We believe that allocating additional capital to our existing business plan will allow us to continue to meet growing
demand from end-customers for seafood products. The Company also currently intends to enter the recirculation aquaculture systems
(&ldquo;RAS&rdquo;) space with high value seafood species such as Steel Head Salmon and Soft-Shell Blue Crab.

Acquisitions
&ndash; We also currently intend to evaluate strategic acquisitions in the fragmented seafood industry. We believe that such potential
acquisitions may add value in several ways
 including geographical diversification and new anchor category specifies offerings
as well as operational and price synergies.



We
currently have the following products: Blue Star
 Pacifika
 Oceanica
 Crab &amp; Go Premium Seafood
 Lubkin
 First Choice
 Good
Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh.

Blue
Star is packed with only high quality Portunus Pelagicus species crab and is produced under exacting specifications and quality
control requirements.

Pacifika
is a quality brand for the price conscious end-user. The Portunus Haanii crab meat is packed in China and is ideal for upscale
plate presentations.

Oceanica
is made from the Portunus Haanii crab
 which is caught and processed in Vietnam. It is an affordable choice to help reduce food
cost without sacrificing the look / taste of dishes.

Lubkin
Brand is packed with quality Portunus Pelagicus specie crab in the Philippines and Indonesia.

First
Choice is a quality brand packed with Portunus Haanii crab meat from Malaysia.

Good
Stuff is a premium brand packed with high quality Callinectes specie crab from Mexico.

Coastal
Pride Fresh Brand is packed with Callinectes Sapidus from Venezuela and the United States.

Grab
+ Go Premium Seafood is geared towards millennials as part of the trend toward pre-packaged
 grab-and-go items. The product is
packaged in flexible foil pouches.


    
    




We
purchase crab meat directly from 13 processors with which we have long-standing relationships
 that have agreed to source their
product in a sustainable manner. All crab meat is sourced under the Company&rsquo;s FDA approved HACCP Plan. Additionally
 all
suppliers are certified grade A by the BRC and are audited annually to ensure safety and quality.

The
Company had five suppliers which accounted for approximately 65% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during the year ended
December 31
 2020. These five suppliers are located in the United States
 Indonesia
 Sri Lanka
 Mexico and the Philippines
 which
accounted for approximately 93% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during the year. During 2020
 the Company purchased inventory
from two non-affiliated Indonesian suppliers that made up the balance of 25% of the supply concentration.

Sales
Marketing and Distribution

The
Company&rsquo;s products are sold in the United States and Canada. Its primary current source of revenue is importing blue and
red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 Mexico
 Malaysia
 Sri-Lanka
 China
 the Philippines and Vietnam and distributing
it in the United States and Canada under several brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
 and Lubkin&rsquo;s Coastal
Pride
 First Choice
 Good Stuff
 Coastal Pride Fresh.

The
Company has a sales team based throughout the United States who sell directly to customers most of whom are in the food service
and retail industry and also manage a network of regional and national brokers
 that cover both the retail and wholesale segments.
The sales team and brokers help to pull the products through the system by creating demand at the end user level and pulling the
demand through our distributor customers. The Company sells to retail customers either directly or via distributors that specialize
in the retail segment.

The
Company does not own its own fleet of trucks and utilizes less than truckload freight shipping (&ldquo;LTL&rdquo;) national freight
carriers to deliver its products to its customers. LTL is used for the transportation of small freight or when freight does not
require the use of an entire trailer. When shipping LTL
 the Company pays for a portion of a standard truck trailer
 and other
shippers and their shipments fill the unoccupied space.

Our
Technology

We
have created a technology platform that tracks the product through its entire chain of custody and collects and transmits various
data to the Company in real-time
 from the loading site
 to the packing plant
 through the sorting and pasteurization process
and the exporting process to the end customer. Our technology allows our customers access to their &ldquo;Scan on Demand&rdquo;
QR code-enabled traceability application.



Our
customer base is comprised of some of the largest companies in the food service and retail industry throughout the United States.
We sell our crab meat to our customers through purchase orders. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 sales to food distributors
and retail and wholesale clubs accounted for 63% of our revenue. The balance of our revenue derived from smaller seafood
distributors and value-added processors.

The
Company had three customers which accounted for approximately 26% of revenue during the year ended December 31
2020. Outstanding receivables from these customers accounted for approximately 19% of the total accounts receivable as
of December 31
 2020. The loss of any major customer could have a material adverse impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
cash flows and financial position.

Intellectual
Property

Our
intellectual property is an essential element of our business. We use a combination of patent
 trademark
 copyright
 trade secret
and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our intellectual property. Our policy is to seek
patent protection in the United States and in certain foreign jurisdictions for our products
 processes and other technology where
available and when appropriate. We also in-license technology
 inventions and improvements we consider important to the development
of our business.


    
    


In
addition to our patents
 we also rely upon trade secrets
 know-how
 trademarks
 copyright protection and continuing technological
and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We monitor the activities of our competitors and
other third parties with respect to their use of intellectual property. We require our employees to execute confidentiality and
non-competition agreements upon commencing employment with us. Despite these safeguards
 any of our know-how or trade secrets
not protected by a patent could be disclosed to
 or independently developed by
 a competitor.

It
is our standard practice to require our employees to sign agreements acknowledging that all inventions
 trade secrets
 works of
authorship
 developments and other processes generated by them on our behalf are our property
 and assigning to us any ownership
in those works. Despite our precautions
 it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use without consent intellectual property
that we own. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties
 and the expenses incurred in protecting our intellectual
property rights
 may adversely affect our business.

Borrowings
under our loan and security agreement with Lighthouse are secured by substantially all of our personal property
 including our
intellectual property.

The
following is a list of our patents:



    
    
    
    
Patent
                                         No. OR
Publication
        No
    
Issue
    Date
    
Application
    No.
    
    
        

POUCH-PACKAGED
    CRABMEAT PRODUCT AND METHOD
    
    
    
2015/0257426
    A1
    
    
    
14/205
742
    
    

METHOD
    FOR PACKAGING CRABMEAT
    
    
    
8445046
    B2
    
    
    
13/681
027
    
    

METHOD
    FOR PACKAGING CRABMEAT
    
    
    
8337922
    B2
    
    
    
10/691
480
    
    

METHOD
    FOR PACKAGING CRABMEAT
    
    
    
1526091
    B1
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
28
256
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Our
patents expire 20 years from the date of issuance which range from year 2007 to 2015.

The
following is a list of our registered trademarks and trademarks for which we have filed applications.



    
    
Registration
    No
    
Registration
                                         Date
    
Application
    No.
    
Application
                                         Date

AMERICA&rsquo;S
    FAVORITE CRABMEAT
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lubkin&rsquo;s
    Coastal Pride
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lubkin&rsquo;s
    Good Stuff
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lubkin&rsquo;s
    First Choice
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


Government
Regulation

Our
distribution facility in Florida and our international suppliers are certified in accordance with the HACCP
 standards for exporting
aquatic products to the United States. The HACCP standards are developed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the &ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
pursuant to the FDA&rsquo;s HACCP regulation
 Title 21
 Code of Federal Regulations
 part 123
 and are used by the FDA to help
ensure food safety and control sanitary standards.

Food
Safety and Labeling

We
are subject to extensive regulation
 including
 among other things
 the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 as amended by the Food Safety
Modernization Act (&ldquo;FSMA&rdquo;)
 the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002
 and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. The FSMA was enacted in order to aid the effective prevention of
food safety issues in the food supply. This comprehensive and evolving regulatory program impacts how food is grown
 packed
 processed
shipped and imported into the United States and it governs compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices regulations (&ldquo;GMPs&rdquo;).
The FDA has finalized seven major rules to implement FSMA
 recognizing that ensuring the safety of the food supply is a shared
responsibility among many different points in the global supply chain. The FSMA rules are designed to make clear specific actions
that must be taken at each of these points to prevent contamination. Some aspects of these laws use a strict liability standard
for imposing sanctions on corporate behavior. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations
 we may be subject to
civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls
 or seizures
 and criminal sanctions
 any of which could impact our results
of operations.

In
addition
 the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 prescribes the format and content of certain information required to
appear on the labels of food products.

Our
operations and products are also subject to state and local regulation
 including the registration and licensing of plants
 enforcement
by state health agencies of various state standards
 and the registration and inspection of facilities. Compliance with federal
state and local regulation is costly and time-consuming. Enforcement actions for violations of federal
 state
 and local regulations
may include seizure and condemnation of products
 cease and desist orders
 injunctions or monetary penalties. We believe that
our practices are sufficient to maintain compliance with applicable government regulations.



For
the purchase of products harvested or manufactured outside of the United States
 and for the shipment of products to customers
located outside of the United States
 we are subject to customs laws regarding the import and export of shipments. Our activities
including working with customs brokers and freight forwarders
 are subject to regulation by U.S. Customs and Border Protection
part of the Department of Homeland Security.

Federal
Trade Commission

We
are subject to certain regulations by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Advertising of our products is subject to such regulation
pursuant to the Federal Trade Commission Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.


    
    


Employee
Safety Regulations

We
are subject to certain health and safety regulations
 including regulations issued pursuant to the Occupational Safety and Health
Act. These regulations require us to comply with certain manufacturing
 health
 and safety standards to protect our employees
from accidents.



Because
we are organized under the laws of a state and our principal place of business is in the United States
 we are considered a &ldquo;domestic
concern&rdquo; under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (&ldquo;FCPA&rdquo;) and are covered by the anti-bribery provisions of
the FCPA. The provisions prohibit any domestic concern and any officer
 director
 employee
 or agent
 acting on behalf of the
domestic concern from paying or authorizing payment of anything of value to (i) influence any act or decision by a foreign official;
(ii) induce a foreign official to do or omit to do any act in violation of his/her lawful duty; (iii) secure any improper advantage;
or (iv) induce a foreign official to use his/her influence to assist the payor in obtaining or retaining business
 or directing
business to another person.

Environmental
Regulation

We
are subject to a number of federal
 state
 and local laws and other requirements relating to the protection of the environment
and the safety and health of personnel and the public. These requirements relate to a broad range of our activities
 including
the discharge of pollutants into the air and water; the identification
 generation
 storage
 handling
 transportation
 disposal
recordkeeping
 labeling
 and reporting of
 and emergency response in connection with
 hazardous materials (including asbestos)
associated with our operations; noise emissions from our facilities; and safety and health standards
 practices
 and procedures
that apply to the workplace and the operation of our facilities.



As
of April 15
 2021
 we have sixteen full time employees and no part-time employees. We believe that our future success will
depend
 in part
 on our continued ability to attract
 hire and retain qualified personnel.

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

This
Annual Report contains certain statements relating to future events or the future financial performance of our Company.
You are cautioned that such statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties
 and that actual events or results
may differ materially. In evaluating such statements
 you should specifically consider the various factors identified in this
annual report
 including the matters set forth below
 which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated
by such forward-looking statements.

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors before
deciding to invest in our Company. If any of the following risks actually occur
 our business
 financial condition
 results
of operations and prospects for growth would likely suffer.

Risks
Relating to Our Company and Business

Future
acquisitions may have an adverse effect on our ability to manage our business.

Selective
acquisitions currently form part of our strategy to further expand our business. If we are presented with appropriate opportunities
we may acquire additional businesses
 services or products that are complementary to our core business. Future acquisitions and
the subsequent integration of new companies into ours would require significant attention from management. Future acquisitions
would also expose us to potential risks
 including risks associated with the assimilation of new operations
 services and personnel
unforeseen or hidden liabilities
 the diversion of resources from our existing businesses and technologies
 the inability to generate
sufficient revenue to offset the costs and expenses of acquisitions and potential loss of
 or harm to
 relationships with employees
as a result of integration of new businesses. The diversion of our management&rsquo;s attention and any difficulties encountered
in any integration process could have a material adverse effect on our ability to manage our business.


    
    


The
value of crab meat is subject to fluctuation which may result in volatility of our results of operations and the value of an investment
in the Company.

Our
business is dependent upon the sale of a commodity which value is subject to fluctuation. Our net sales and operating results
vary significantly due to the volatility of the value of the crab meat that we sell which may result in the volatility of the
market price of our common stock.

A
material decline in the population and biomass of crab meat that we sell in the fisheries from which we obtain our crab meat would
materially and adversely affect our business.

The
population and biomass of crab meat are subject to natural fluctuations which are beyond our control and which may be exacerbated
by disease
 reproductive problems or other biological issues and may be affected by changes in weather and the global environment.
The overall health of a crab or other fish is difficult to measure
 and fisheries management is still a relatively inexact science.
Since we are unable to predict the timing and extent of fluctuations in the population and biomass of our products
 we are unable
to engage in any measures that might alleviate the adverse effects of these fluctuations. Any such fluctuation which results in
a material decline in the population and biomass in the fisheries from which we obtain our crab meat would materially and adversely
affect our business. Our operations are also subject to the risk of variations in supply.

We
are subject to the risk of product contamination and product liability claims.

The
sales of our products may involve the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized personnel
product contamination or spoilage
 including the presence of foreign objects
 substances
 chemicals
 or residues introduced during
the packing
 storage
 handling or transportation phases. While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and believe
our facilities comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations
 including internal product safety policies
we cannot be sure that consumption of our products will not cause a health-related illness in the future or that we will not be
subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful
 the negative publicity
surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential
customers and our brand image.

A
significant portion of our revenues are derived from a single product
 crab meat
 and therefore we are highly susceptible to changes
in market demand
 which may be affected by factors over which we have limited or no control.

A
significant portion of our revenues are derived from a single product
 crab meat. We therefore are highly susceptible to changes
in market demand
 which may be impacted by factors over which we have limited or no control. Factors that could lead to a decline
in market demand for crab meat include economic conditions and evolving consumer preferences. A substantial downturn in market
demand for crab meat may have a material adverse effect on our business and on our results of operations.

Risks
Related to Our Industry

Regulation
of the fishing industry may have an adverse impact on our business.

The
international community has been aware of and concerned with the worldwide problem of depletion of natural fish stocks. In the
past
 these concerns have resulted in the imposition of quotas that subject individual countries to strict limitations on the
amount of seafood that is allowed to be caught or harvested. Environmental groups have been lobbying for additional limitations.
If international organizations or national governments were to impose additional limitations on crab meat or the seafood products
we sell
 this could have a negative impact on our results of operations.

Segments
of the seafood industry in which we operate are competitive
 and our inability to compete successfully could adversely affect
our business
 results of operations and financial condition.

We
compete with major integrated seafood companies such as Tri Union Frozen Products
 Inc. (Chicken of the Sea Frozen Foods)
 Phillips
Foods
 Inc.
 Harbor Seafood
 Inc.
 and Twin Tails Seafood Corp. Some of our competitors have the benefit of marketing their products
under brand names that have better market recognition than ours or have stronger marketing and distribution channels than we do.
Increased competition as to any of our products could result in price reduction
 reduced margins and loss of market share
 which
could negatively affect our profitability. An increase in imported products in the United States at low prices could also negatively
affect our profitability.


    
    


Our
insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover losses we may incur or to fully replace a significant loss of assets.

Our
involvement in the fishing industry may result in liability for pollution
 property damage
 personal injury or other hazards.
Although we believe we have obtained insurance in accordance with industry standards to address such risks
 such insurance has
limitations on liability and/or deductible amounts that may not be sufficient to cover the full extent of such liabilities or
losses. In addition
 such risks may not
 in all circumstances
 be insurable or
 in certain circumstances
 we may choose not to
obtain insurance to protect against specific risks due to the high premiums associated with such insurance or for other reasons.
The payment of such uninsured liabilities would reduce the funds available to us. If we suffer a significant event or occurrence
that is not fully insured
 or if the insurer of such event is not solvent
 we could be required to divert funds from capital investment
or other uses towards covering any liability or loss for such events.

Our
operations
 revenue and profitability could be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations in the countries where we
do business.

The
governments of countries into which we sell our products
 from time to time
 consider regulatory proposals relating to raw materials
food safety and markets
 and environmental regulations
 which
 if adopted
 could lead to disruptions in distribution of our products
and increase our operational costs
 which
 in turn
 could affect our profitability. To the extent that we increase our product
prices as a result of such changes
 our sales volume and revenues may be adversely affected.

Furthermore
these governments may change import regulations or impose additional taxes or duties on certain imports from time to time. These
regulations and fees or new regulatory developments may have a material adverse impact on our operations
 revenue and profitability.
If one or more of the countries into which we sell our products bars the import or sale of crab meat or related products
 our
available market would shrink significantly
 adversely impacting our results of operations and growth potential.

A
decline in discretionary consumer spending may adversely affect our industry
 our operations and ultimately our profitability.

Luxury
products
 such as premium grade crab meat
 are discretionary purchases for consumers. Any reduction in consumer discretionary
spending or disposable income may affect the crab meat industry significantly. Many economic factors outside of our control could
affect consumer discretionary spending
 including the financial markets
 consumer credit availability
 prevailing interest rates
energy costs
 employment levels
 salary levels
 and tax rates. Any reduction in discretionary consumer spending could materially
adversely affect our business and financial condition.

Risks
Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties

We
are dependent on third parties for our operations.

Our
business is dependent upon our relationships with vendors in Southeast Asia for co-packing
 processing and shipping product to
us. If for any reason these companies became unable or unwilling to continue to provide services to us
 this would likely lead
to a temporary interruption in our ability to import our products until we found another entity that could provide these services.
Failure to find a suitable replacement
 even on a temporary basis
 would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.


    
    


We
do not have long-term agreements with many of our customers and suppliers.

Many
of our customers and suppliers operate through purchase orders. Though we have long-term business relationships with many of our
customers and suppliers and alternative sources of supply for key items
 we do not have long-term agreements with such customers
and suppliers and cannot be sure that any of these customers or suppliers will continue to do business with us on the same basis
or on terms that are favorable to us. The termination or modification of any of these relationships may adversely affect our business
financial performance and results of operations.

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going
concern in its report on our audited financial statements.

The
report from our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31
 2020 includes an explanatory paragraph
stating that the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
on its ability to increase revenues
 execute on its business plan to acquire complimentary companies
 raise capital and continue
to sustain adequate working capital to finance its operations. If we are unable to do so
 our financial condition and results
of operations will be materially and adversely affected and we may be unable to continue as a going concern.

COVID-19
has caused significant disruptions to the global financial markets which severely impacts our ability to raise additional capital.

The
full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve as of the date of this Annual Report. Management is actively monitoring
the situation but given the daily evolution of the COVID-19 outbreak
 the Company is not able to estimate the effects of the COVID-19
outbreak on its operations or financial condition in the next 12 months. Additionally
 the continued spread of COVID-19 and uncertain
market conditions may limit the Company&rsquo;s ability to access capital.

We
may consider raising additional capital in the future to expand our business
 to pursue strategic investments
 to take advantage
of financing opportunities or for other reasons
 including to:



    
    
increase
    our sales and marketing efforts and address competitive developments; 

    
    
    

    
    
provide
    for supply and inventory costs; 

    
    
    

    
    
fund
    development and marketing efforts of any future products or additional features to then-current products; 

    
    
    

    
    
acquire
    license or invest in new technologies; 

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
acquire
    or invest in complementary businesses or assets; and 

    
    
    

    
    
finance
    capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses. 


Our
present and future funding requirements will depend on many factors
 including:



    
    
our
    ability to achieve revenue growth and improve gross margins; 

    
    
    

    
    
the
    cost of expanding our operations and offerings
 including our sales and marketing efforts; 

    
    
    

    
    
the
    effect of competing market developments;

    
    
    

    
    
costs
    related to international expansion; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    continuing effects of COVID-19. 



    
    


If
we raise funds by issuing equity securities
 dilution to our stockholders could result. Any equity securities issued also could
provide for rights
 preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of our Common Stock. If we raise funds by issuing debt
securities
 those debt securities would have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our Common Stock.
The terms of debt securities issued or borrowings pursuant to a credit agreement could impose significant restrictions on our
operations. If we raise funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements
 we might be required to relinquish significant
rights or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us.

We
incur additional costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management must devote time to public company compliance.

To
comply with the requirements of being a public company
 we need to undertake various actions
 including maintaining internal controls
and procedures. As a public company
 we incur additional legal
 accounting and other expenses due to our compliance with regulations
and disclosure obligations applicable to us
 including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended (the &ldquo;Sarbanes-Oxley
Act&rdquo;)
 and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the &ldquo;Dodd-Frank Act&rdquo;) as well as rules
implemented by the SEC
 and the OTC Markets. Stockholder activism
 the current political environment and the current high level
of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations
 which may
lead to additional compliance costs and impact
 in ways we cannot currently anticipate
 the manner in which we operate our business.
Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time monitoring and complying with public company reporting
obligations which may causes us to incur additional legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming.

Our
loan and security agreement with Lighthouse contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict business and financing
activities of our subsidiaries
 Keeler &amp; Co. and Coastal Pride.

Borrowings
under our loan and security agreement with Lighthouse are secured by substantially all of our personal property
 including our
intellectual property. Our loan and security agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants which restricts our wholly-owned
subsidiary
 Keeler &amp; Co. and its subsidiary
 Coastal Pride&rsquo;s ability to
 among other things:



    
    
dispose
    of or sell its assets; 

    
    
    

    
    
make
    material changes in its business; 

    
    
    

    
    
merge
    with or acquire other entities or assets; 

    
    
    

    
    
incur
    additional indebtedness; 

    
    
    

    
    
create
    liens on its assets; 

    
    
    

    
    
pay
    dividends; and

    
    
    

    
    
make
    investments. 


The
operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our loan and security agreement
 as well as any future financing agreements
into which we may enter
 may restrict the ability to finance operations and engage in
 expand or otherwise pursue business activities
and strategies. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control
 and future breaches of
any of these covenants could result in a default under our loan and security agreement. If not waived
 future defaults could cause
all of the outstanding indebtedness under our loan and security agreement to become immediately due and payable and terminate
all commitments to extend further credit.


    
    


If
we do not have or are unable to generate sufficient cash available to repay our debt obligations when they become due and payable
either upon maturity or in the event of a default
 we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable
terms
 if at all
 which may negatively impact our ability to operate and continue our business as a going concern.

We
face risks related to the current global economic environment which could harm our business
 financial condition and results of
operations.

The
state of the global economy continues to be uncertain. The current global economic conditions and uncertain credit markets
 concerns
regarding the availability of credit pose a risk that could impact our international relationships
 as well as our ability to
manage normal commercial relationships with our customers
 suppliers and creditors
 including financial institutions. Global trade
issues and the impositions of tariffs could also have an adverse effect on our international business activities. If the current
global economic environment deteriorates
 our business could be negatively affected.

Risks
Related to Administrative
 Organizational and Commercial Operations and Growth

We
may be unable to manage our future growth effectively
 which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy.

We
anticipate growth in our business operations. This future growth could create a strain on our organizational
 administrative and
operational infrastructure
 including manufacturing operations
 quality control
 technical support and customer service
 sales
force management and general and financial administration. Our ability to manage our growth properly will require us to continue
to improve our operational
 financial and management controls
 as well as our reporting systems and procedures. If we are unable
to manage our growth effectively
 we may be unable to execute our business plan
 which could have a material adverse effect on
our business and our results of operations.

If
we are unable to support demand for our current and our future products
 including ensuring that we have adequate resources to
meet increased demand our business could be harmed.

As
our commercial operations and sales volume grow
 we will need to continue to increase our workflow capacity for processing
 customer
service
 billing and general process improvements and expand our internal quality assurance program
 among other things. We may
also need to purchase additional equipment and increase our manufacturing
 maintenance
 software and computing capacity to meet
increased demand. We cannot assure you that any of these increases in scale
 expansion of personnel
 purchase of equipment or
process enhancements will be successfully implemented.

The
loss of our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or our inability to attract and retain highly skilled officers and
key personnel could negatively impact our business.

Our
success depends on the skills
 experience and performance of John Keeler
 our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
The individual and collective efforts of such individual will be important as we continue to develop and expand our commercial
activities. The loss or incapacity of Mr. Keeler could negatively impact our operations if we experience difficulties in hiring
qualified successors. Qualified employees periodically are in great demand and may be unavailable in the time frame required to
satisfy our customers&rsquo; requirements. Expansion of our business could require us to employ additional personnel. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain sufficient numbers of skilled employees in the future. The loss of
personnel or our inability to hire or retain sufficient personnel at competitive rates could impair the growth of our business.

If
we were sued for product liability or professional liability
 we could face substantial liabilities that exceed our resources.

The
marketing and sale of our products could lead to the filing of product liability claims alleging that our product made users ill.
A product liability claim could result in substantial damages and be costly and time-consuming for us to defend.


    
    


We
maintain product liability insurance
 but this insurance may not fully protect us from the financial impact of defending against
product liability claims. Any product liability claim brought against us
 with or without merit
 could increase our insurance
rates or prevent us from securing insurance coverage in the future. Additionally
 any product liability lawsuit could lead to
regulatory investigations
 product recalls or withdrawals
 damage our reputation or cause current vendors
 suppliers and customers
to terminate existing agreements and potential customers and partners to seek other suppliers
 any of which could negatively impact
our results of operations.

We
face risks associated with our international business.

Our
international business operations are subject to a variety of risks
 including:



    
    
difficulties
    with managing foreign and geographically dispersed operations; 

    
    
    

    
    
having
    to comply with various U.S. and international laws
 including export control laws and the FCPA
 and anti-money laundering
    laws; 

    
    
    

    
    
changes
    in uncertainties relating to foreign rules and regulations;

    
    
    

    
    
tariffs
    export or import restrictions
 restrictions on remittances abroad
 imposition of duties or taxes that limit our ability to
    import product; 

    
    
    

    
    
limitations
    on our ability to enter into cost-effective arrangements with distributors
 or at all;

    
    
    

    
    
fluctuations
    in foreign currency exchange rates;

    
    
    

    
    
imposition
    of limitations on production
 sale or export in foreign countries;

    
    
    

    
    
imposition
    of limitations on or increase of withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by foreign processors or joint
    ventures;

    
    
    

    
    
imposition
    of differing labor laws and standards;

    
    
    

    
    
economic
    political or social instability in foreign countries and regions;

    
    
    

    
    
an
    inability
 or reduced ability
 to protect our intellectual property
 including any effect of compulsory licensing imposed
    by government action;

    
    
    

    
    
availability
    of government subsidies or other incentives that benefit competitors in their local markets that are not available to us;

    
    
    

    
    
difficulties
    in recruiting and retaining personnel
 and managing international operations; 

    
    
    

    
    
less
    developed infrastructure; and impositions on operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.


If
we expand into other target markets
 we cannot assure you that our expansion plans will be realized
 or if realized
 be successful.
We expect each market to have particular regulatory and funding hurdles to overcome and future developments in these markets
including the uncertainty relating to governmental policies and regulations
 could harm our business. If we expend significant
time and resources on expansion plans that fail or are delayed
 our reputation
 business and financial condition may be harmed.

Our
results may be impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

Currently
the majority of our international sales contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars. We pay certain of our suppliers in a foreign
currency and we may pay others in the future in foreign currency. As a result
 an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative
to foreign currencies could require us to reduce our selling price or risk making our product less competitive in international
markets or our costs could increase. Also
 if our international sales increase
 we may enter into a greater number of transactions
denominated in non-U.S. dollars
 which could expose us to foreign currency risks
 including changes in currency exchange rates.


    
    


A
larger portion of our revenues may be denominated in other foreign currencies if we expand our international operations. Conducting
business in currencies other than U.S. dollars subjects us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could have a negative
impact on our operating results. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies impact our revenues
cost of revenues and operating margins and result in foreign currency translation gains and losses.

We
could be negatively impacted by violations of applicable anti-corruption laws or violations of our internal policies designed
to ensure ethical business practices.

We
operate in a number of countries throughout the world
 including in countries that do not have as strong a commitment to anti-corruption
and ethical behavior that is required by U.S. laws or by corporate policies. We are subject to the risk that we
 our U.S. employees
or our employees located in other jurisdictions or any third parties that we engage to do work on our behalf in foreign countries
may take action determined to be in violation of anti-corruption laws in any jurisdiction in which we conduct business. Any violation
of anti-corruption laws or regulations could result in substantial fines
 sanctions
 civil and/or criminal penalties and curtailment
of operations in certain jurisdictions and might harm our business
 financial condition or results of operations. Further
 detecting
investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations is expensive and can consume significant time and attention of our senior
management.

We
depend on our information technology systems
 and any failure of these systems could harm our business.

We
depend on information technology and telecommunications systems for significant elements of our operations. We have developed
propriety software for the management and operation of our business. We have installed and expect to expand a number of enterprise
software systems that affect a broad range of business processes and functional areas
 including for example
 systems handling
human resources
 financial controls and reporting
 contract management
 regulatory compliance and other infrastructure operations.

Information
technology and telecommunications systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources
 including telecommunications or
network failures
 malicious human acts and natural disasters. Moreover
 despite network security and back-up measures
 some of
our servers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins
 computer viruses and similar disruptive problems.
Despite the precautionary measures we have taken to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our information technology
and telecommunications systems
 failures or significant downtime of our information technology or telecommunications systems or
those used by our third-party service providers could prevent us from providing support services and product to our customers
and managing the administrative aspects of our business. Any disruption or loss of information technology or telecommunications
systems on which critical aspects of our operations depend could harm our business.

Our
operations are vulnerable to interruption or loss due to natural or other disasters
 power loss
 strikes and other events beyond
our control.

We
conduct a significant portion of our activities
 including administration and data processing
 at facilities located in Southern
Florida that have experienced major hurricanes and floods which could affect our facilities
 significantly disrupt our operations
and delay or prevent product shipment during the time required to repair
 rebuild or replace damaged processing facilities. Our
suppliers in Southeast Asia are also vulnerable to natural disasters which could disrupt their operations and their ability to
supply product to us. If any of our customers&rsquo; facilities are negatively impacted by a disaster
 product shipments could
be delayed. Additionally
 customers may delay purchases of products until operations return to normal. Even if we and/or our suppliers
are able to quickly respond to a disaster
 the ongoing effects of the disaster could create some uncertainty in the operations
of our business. In addition
 our facilities may be subject to a shortage of available electrical power and other energy supplies.
Any shortages may increase our costs for power and energy supplies or could result in blackouts
 which could disrupt the operations
of our affected facilities and harm our business.


    
    


Risks
Related to Intellectual Property

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable
 and any inability to adequately protect
 or uncertainty regarding validity
 enforceability
or scope of them could undermine our competitive position and reduce the value of our products
 services and brand
 and litigation
to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly.

We
attempt to strengthen and differentiate our product portfolio by developing new and innovative products and product improvements.
As a result
 our patents
 trademarks
 trade secrets
 copyrights and other intellectual property rights are important assets to
us. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights as well as to our products and services.
For example
 effective intellectual property protection may not be available in countries in which our products are sold. Also
although we have registered our trademark in various jurisdictions
 our efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient
or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete.
Litigation might be necessary to protect our intellectual property rights and any such litigation may be costly and may divert
our management&rsquo;s attention from our core business. An adverse determination in any lawsuit involving our intellectual property
is likely to jeopardize our business prospects and reputation. Although we are not aware of any of such litigation
 we have no
insurance coverage against litigation costs
 and we would be forced to bear all litigation costs if we cannot recover them from
other parties. All foregoing factors could harm our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations. Any unauthorized
use of our intellectual property could harm our operating results.

We
may be exposed to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties
 which
 if determined against us
 could adversely affect
our business and subject us to significant liability to third parties.

Our
success mainly depends on our ability to use and develop our technology and product designs without infringing upon the intellectual
property rights of third parties. We may be subject to litigation involving claims of patent infringement or violations of other
intellectual property rights of third parties. Holders of patents and other intellectual property rights potentially relevant
to our product offerings may be unknown to us
 which may make it difficult for us to acquire a license on commercially acceptable
terms. There may also be technologies licensed to us and that we rely upon that are subject to infringement or other corresponding
allegations or claims by third parties which may damage our ability to rely on such technologies. In addition
 although we endeavor
to ensure that companies that work with us possess appropriate intellectual property rights or licenses
 we cannot fully avoid
the risks of intellectual property rights infringement created by suppliers of components used in our products or by companies
we work with in cooperative research and development activities. Our current or potential competitors may obtain patents that
will prevent
 limit or interfere with our ability to make
 use or sell our products. The defense of intellectual property claims
including patent infringement suits
 and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and time consuming
 and
may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical personnel and management. These factors could effectively
prevent us from pursuing some or all of our business operations and result in our customers or potential customers deferring
canceling or limiting their purchase or use of our products
 which may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.

Our
commercial success will depend in part on our success in obtaining and maintaining issued patents and other intellectual property
rights in the United States and elsewhere. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property
 competitors may be able
to use our processes and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have
 which could harm our business.

We
cannot provide any assurances that any of our patents have
 or that any of our pending patent applications that mature into issued
patents will include
 claims with a scope sufficient to protect our products
 any additional features we develop or any new products.
Patents
 if issued
 may be challenged
 deemed unenforceable
 invalidated or circumvented.

Furthermore
though an issued patent is presumed valid and enforceable
 its issuance is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability
and it may not provide us with adequate proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products.
Competitors may also be able to design around our patents. Other parties may develop and obtain patent protection for more effective
technologies
 designs or methods. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our knowledge or trade secrets
by consultants
 suppliers
 vendors
 former employees and current employees. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect
our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States
 and we may encounter significant problems in protecting
our proprietary rights in these countries. If any of these developments were to occur
 they each could have a negative impact
on our sales.


    
    


If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets
 our business and competitive position could be harmed.

We
rely upon copyright and trade secret protection
 as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with
our employees
 consultants and third parties
 to protect our confidential and proprietary information. In addition to contractual
measures
 we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using physical and technological security measures.
Such measures may not
 for example
 in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized
access
 provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant
from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor
 and recourse we take against such misconduct may not
provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated
a trade secret can be difficult
 expensive and time-consuming
 and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition
 trade secrets may
be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our confidential or proprietary
information
 such as our trade secrets
 were to be disclosed or misappropriated
 or if any such information was independently
developed by a competitor
 our competitive position could be harmed.

We
may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world.

The
laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States.
Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign
jurisdictions. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement or the misappropriation of our intellectual property
rights. Many foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties.
In addition
 many countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties
 including government agencies or government
contractors. In these countries
 patents may provide limited or no benefit. Patent protection must ultimately be sought on a country-by-country
basis
 which is an expensive and time-consuming process with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly
 we may choose not to seek patent
protection in certain countries
 and we will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries.

Proceedings
to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts from other aspects
of our business. Accordingly
 our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In
addition
 changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to
obtain adequate protection for our technology and the enforcement of intellectual property.

Third
parties may assert that our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated
trade secrets.

Although
we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work
for us
 we may be subject to claims that we or our employees
 consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise
used or disclosed intellectual property
 including trade secrets or other proprietary information
 of a former employer or other
third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims
 in addition
to paying monetary damages
 we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending
against such claims
 litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees.

Risks
Related to Regulatory Matters

Our
products and operations are subject to government regulation and oversight both in the United States and abroad
 and our failure
to comply with applicable requirements could harm our business.

The
FDA and other government agencies regulate
 among other things
 with respect to our products and operations:



    
    
design
    development and manufacturing; 



    
    




    
    
testing
    labeling
 content and language of instructions for use and storage; 

    
    
    

    
    
product
    safety; 

    
    
    

    
    
marketing
    sales and distribution; 

    
    
    

    
    
record
    keeping procedures; 

    
    
    

    
    
advertising
    and promotion; 

    
    
    

    
    
recalls
    and corrective actions; and

    
    
    

    
    
product
    import and export. 


The
regulations to which we are subject are complex and have tended to become more stringent over time. Regulatory changes could result
in restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations
 higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales.

The
failure to comply with applicable regulations could jeopardize our ability to sell our products and result in enforcement actions
such as:



    
    
warning
    letters; 

    
    
    

    
    
fines;
    

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
injunctions;
    

    
    
    

    
    
civil
    penalties; 

    
    
    

    
    
termination
    of distribution; 

    
    
    

    
    
recalls
    or seizures of products; 

    
    
    

    
    
delays
    in the introduction of products into the market; and

    
    
    

    
    
total
    or partial suspension of production.


We
may also be required to take corrective actions
 such as installing additional equipment or taking other actions
 each of which
could require us to make substantial capital expenditures. We could also be required to indemnify our employees in connection
with any expenses or liabilities that they may incur individually in connection with regulatory action against them. As a result
our future business prospects could deteriorate due to regulatory constraints
 and our profitability could be impaired by our
obligation to provide such indemnification to our employees.

Any
of these sanctions could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales and harm our reputation
 business
financial condition and results of operations.

Product
liability claims could divert management&rsquo;s attention from our business
 be expensive to defend and result in sizeable damage
awards against us that may not be covered by insurance.


    
    


Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls
 we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or
detect fraud. Consequently
 investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting and this may decrease the trading price
of our Common Stock.

We
must maintain effective internal controls to provide reliable financial reports and detect fraud. Failure to implement changes
to our internal controls or any other factors that we identify as necessary to maintain an effective system of internal controls
could harm our operating results and cause investors to lose confidence in our business
 operations or reported financial information.
Any such inability to establish effective controls or loss of confidence would have an adverse effect on our Company and
could adversely affect the trading price of our Common Stock.

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting. We continue to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file with the SEC is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms
 and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. Our current controls and any new controls
that we develop may become inadequate and weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the
future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls could negatively impact the results of periodic management evaluations
and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting that we may be required to include in our periodic reports we will file with the SEC under Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 harm our operating results
 cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in a restatement
of our prior period financial statements. In the event that we are not able to demonstrate compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act
 that our internal control over financial reporting is perceived as inadequate or that we are unable to produce timely or
accurate financial statements
 investors may lose confidence in our operating results and the price of our common stock could
decline. In addition
 if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements
 our Common Stock may not be able to be eligible
for quotation on the OTC Markets or meet the eligibility requirements for the NASDAQ Stock Market.

We
are required to comply with the SEC rules that implement Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and are therefore required to make
a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. We are required to
comply with certain of these rules
 which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual
reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. During
the evaluation and testing process
 if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective.

Our
independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting until the first annual report required to be filed with the SEC following the date
 we are no longer
an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act depending on whether we choose to rely on certain exemptions
set forth in the JOBS Act. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
 or if our
independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting
 we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports
 which could
harm our business.

The
price of our Common Stock may be volatile and may be influenced by numerous factors
 some of which are beyond our control.

Factors
that could cause volatility in the market price of our Common Stock include:



    
    
actual
    or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results; 

    
    
    

    
    
actual
    or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 

    
    
    

    
    
commercial
    success and market acceptance of our products; 

    
    
    

    
    
success
    of our competitors in commercializing products; 

    
    
    

    
    
strategic
    transactions undertaken by us; 

    
    
    

    
    
additions
    or departures of key personnel; 



    
    




    
    
product
    liability claims; 

    
    
    

    
    
prevailing
    economic conditions; 

    
    
    

    
    
disputes
    concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 

    
    
    

    
    
U.S.
    or foreign regulatory actions affecting us or our industry; 

    
    
    

    
    
sales
    of our Common Stock by our officers
 directors or significant stockholders; 

    
    
    

    
    
future
    sales or issuances of equity or debt securities by us; 

    
    
    

    
    
business
    disruptions caused by natural disasters; and 

    
    
    

    
    
issuance
    of new or changed securities analysts&rsquo; reports or recommendations regarding us. 


In
addition
 the stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility that have been often unrelated to the operating performance
of the issuer. These broad market fluctuations may negatively impact the price or liquidity of our Common Stock. In the past
when the price of a stock has been volatile
 holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation
against the issuer. If any of our stockholders were to bring such a lawsuit against us
 we could incur substantial costs defending
the lawsuit and the attention of our management would be diverted from the operation of our business.

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our Common Stock less attractive to investors.

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act
 and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not &ldquo;emerging growth companies
&rdquo; including
not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not
previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our Common
Stock and our stock price may be more volatile.

In
addition
 Section 102 of the JOBS Act also provides that an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Act
 for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. An &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; can therefore delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the
benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that
comply with such new or revised accounting standards.

You
may experience dilution of your ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our Common Stock or
preferred stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our Common Stock or preferred stock.

If
our existing stockholders convert our Series A Stock or exercise Warrants or sell
 or indicate an intention to sell
 substantial
amounts of our Common Stock in the public market
 the price of our Common Stock could decline. The perception in the market that
these sales may occur could also cause the price of our Common Stock to decline.


    
    


In
the future
 we may issue authorized but previously unissued equity securities
 resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests
of the then current stockholders. We are authorized to issue an aggregate of 100
000
000 shares of common stock and 5
000
000
shares of &ldquo;blank check&rdquo; preferred stock. We may issue additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities that
are convertible into or exercisable for our Common Stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees
 future acquisitions
future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes
 or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional
shares of our Common Stock may create downward pressure on the trading price of the common stock. We may need to raise additional
capital in the near future to meet our working capital needs
 and there can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue
additional shares
 warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with the capital raising efforts
 including
at a price (or exercise prices) below the price you paid for your stock.

There
is currently a limited market for our Common Stock and an investor may be unable to resell shares of our Common Stock at times
and prices believed appropriate.

Our
Common Stock has been quoted on the OTC pink sheets under the symbol &ldquo;BSFC&rdquo; since February 18
 2020. Currently
 there
is a limited trading market for our Common Stock and a more active market for our Common Stock may never develop. Accordingly
our Common Stock is highly illiquid
 and an investor may experience difficulty buying and selling shares at times and prices that
they may desire. Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC pink sheet market is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in
trading prices. Moreover
 the OTC pink sheets is not a stock exchange
 and trading of securities is often more sporadic than the
trading of securities listed on a quotation system like NASDAQ or a national stock exchange.

Our
Common Stock may be deemed a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; which may reduce the value of an investment in the stock.

Rule
15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; for the purposes relevant to us
 as any
equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject
to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer
approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written
agreement to the transaction
 setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.

In
order to approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information
and investment experience objectives of the person and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks
are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating
the risks of transactions in penny stocks.

The
broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form: (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability
determination; and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the
transaction. Generally
 brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo;
rules. If our Common Stock is or becomes subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules
 it may be more difficult for investors
to dispose of our Common Stock and cause a decline in the market value of our Common Stock.

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about commissions
payable to both the broker or dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the rights and
remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally
 monthly statements have to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.

The
sales practice requirements of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority&rsquo;s (&ldquo;FINRA&rdquo;) may limit a stockholder&rsquo;s
ability to buy and sell our Common Stock.

FINRA
has adopted rules requiring that
 in recommending an investment to a customer
 a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for
believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their
non-institutional customers
 broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer&rsquo;s financial
status
 tax status
 investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules
 FINRA has indicated its
belief that there is a high probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers.
If these FINRA requirements are applicable to us or our securities
 they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend
that at least some of their customers buy our Common Stock
 which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our
Common Stock and could have an adverse effect on the market for and price of our Common Stock.


    
    


Our
operating results for a particular period may fluctuate significantly or may fall below the expectations of investors or securities
analysts
 each of which may cause the price of our Common Stock to fluctuate or decline.

We
expect our operating results to be subject to fluctuations. Our operating results will be affected by numerous factors
 including:



    
    
variations
    in the level of expenses related to future development plans; 

    
    
    

    
    
fluctuations
    in value of the underlying commodity;

    
    
    

    
    
inability
    to procure sufficient quantities to meet demand due to the scarcity of the product available from its suppliers;

    
    
    

    
    
level
    of underlying demand for our products and any other products we sell; 

    
    
    

    
    
any
    intellectual property infringement lawsuit or opposition
 interference or cancellation proceeding in which we may become involved;
    

    
    
    

    
    
regulatory
    developments affecting us or our competitors; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 


If
our operating results for a particular period fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts
 the price of our
Common Stock could decline substantially. Furthermore
 any fluctuations in our operating results may
 in turn
 cause the price
of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. We believe that comparisons of our financial results from various reporting periods
are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance

Our
principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our Common Stock and will be able to exercise significant
influence over matters subject to stockholder approval.

As
of the date of this filing
 our executive officers
 directors and principal stockholders
 together with their respective affiliates
owned approximately 79% of our Common Stock
 including shares subject to outstanding options that are exercisable within
60 days after such date. Accordingly
 these stockholders will be able to exert a significant degree of influence over our management
and affairs and over matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of our board of directors and approval of
significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership could have the effect of entrenching our management and/or
the board of directors
 delaying or preventing a change in our control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting
to obtain control of us
 which in turn could have a material and adverse effect on the fair market value of our Common Stock.

Because
we became a reporting company under the Exchange Act by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering
 we
may not be able to attract the attention of research analysts at major brokerage firms.

Because
we did not become a reporting company by conducting an underwritten initial public offering of our Common Stock
 and because we
will not be listed on a national securities exchange
 securities analysts of brokerage firms may not provide coverage of our Company.
In addition
 investment banks may be less likely to agree to underwrite secondary offerings on our behalf than they might
if we became a public reporting company by means of an underwritten initial public offering
 because they may be less familiar
with our company as a result of more limited coverage by analysts and the media
 and because we became public at an early stage
in our development. The failure to receive research coverage or support in the market for our shares will have an adverse effect
on our ability to develop a liquid market for our Common Stock.


    
    


Because
the Merger was a reverse merger
 certain SEC rules may be more restrictive.

Additional
risks may exist as a result of our becoming a public reporting company through a &ldquo;reverse merger.&rdquo; Certain SEC rules
are more restrictive when applied to reverse merger companies
 such as the ability of stockholders to re-sell their shares of
Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144.

The
resale of shares covered by the Company&rsquo;s registration statement could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock
in the public market
 should one develop
 which result would in turn negatively affect our ability to raise additional equity
capital.

The
sale
 or availability for sale
 of our Common Stock in the public market may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our
Common Stock and may impair our ability to raise additional capital by selling equity or equity-linked securities. We have registered
with the SEC for resale an aggregate of 17
074
750 shares of Common Stock issued and/or issuable in connection with the Merger
the Offering
 the Company Settlement and the shares retained by the pre-Merger shareholders. The Registration Statement permits
the resale of these shares at any time. The resale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market
could adversely affect the market price for our Common Stock and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our Common Stock
at times and prices that you feel are appropriate. Furthermore
 because there are a large number of shares registered pursuant
to the Registration Statement
 selling stockholders will continue to offer shares covered by such Registration Statement for a
significant period of time
 the precise duration of which cannot be predicted. Accordingly
 the adverse market and price pressures
resulting from an offering pursuant to the Registration Statement may continue for an extended period of time and continued negative
pressure on the market price of our Common Stock could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional equity
capital.

Issuance
of stock to fund our operations may dilute your investment and reduce your equity interest.

We
may need to raise capital in the future to fund the development of our seafood business. Any equity financing may have significant
dilutive effect to stockholders and a material decrease in our stockholders&rsquo; equity interest in us. Equity financing
 if
obtained
 could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. At its sole discretion
 our board of directors may
issue additional securities without seeking stockholder approval
 and we do not know when we will need additional capital or
if we do
 whether it will be available to us.

Provisions
of our charter documents or Delaware law could delay or prevent an acquisition of the Company
 even if such an acquisition would
be beneficial to our stockholders
 which could make it more difficult for you to change management.

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage
 delay or prevent a merger
 acquisition or other change in control
that stockholders may consider favorable
 including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their
shares. In addition
 these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempt by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
management by making it more difficult to replace or remove our board of directors.

In
addition
 Delaware law prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested
stockholder
 generally a person who
 together with its affiliates
 owns
 or within the last three years has owned
 15% or more
of our voting stock
 for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder
unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Accordingly
 Delaware law may discourage
 delay or prevent
a change in control of the company. Furthermore
 our certificate of incorporation will specify that the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for most legal actions involving actions brought against us by stockholders.
We believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law by chancellors particularly
experienced in resolving corporate disputes
 efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other
forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. However
 the provision may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors and officers. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies&rsquo;
certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings
 and it is possible that
 in connection with any applicable
action brought against us
 a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation to
be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action.


    
    


We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future therefore capital appreciation
 if any
of our Common Stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future.

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our Common Stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock
in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and
growth of our business. In addition
 our current loan and security agreement with Lighthouse contains
 and our future loan arrangements
if any
 may contain
 terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our Common Stock. As
a result
 capital appreciation
 if any
 of our Common Stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future.

Risks
Related to the COVID-19 pandemic

We
may experience disruptions of or restrictions on our operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The
current COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our business operations
 including disruptions or restrictions on our ability
to travel or to distribute our seafood products
 as well as temporary closures of our facilities. Any such disruption or delay
may impact our sales and operating results. In addition
 COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that could adversely
affect the economies and financial markets of many other countries
 resulting in an economic downturn that could continue to affect
demand for our products and significantly impact our operating results.

As
the result of current restrictions put in place to address COVID-19
 we have had limited access to our corporate offices and our
corporate staff has been required to work remotely
 disrupting interactions among our staff
 with our customers and suppliers
and with our accountants
 consultants and advisors. The extent to which our results may continue to be affected by COVID-19 will
largely depend on future developments which cannot be accurately predicted
 including the duration and scope of the pandemic
governmental and business responses to the pandemic and the impact on the global economy
 our customers&rsquo; demand for our
products
 and our ability to provide our products and access our offices and facilities. While these factors are uncertain
 the
COVID-19 pandemic or the perception of its effects could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition
 results of operations
 or cash flows.

We
may not be entitled to forgiveness of our recently received PPP Loan
 and our application for the PPP Loans could in the future
be determined to have been impermissible or could result in damage to our reputation.

On
March 2
 2021
 we received proceeds of $371
944 from a loan under the Paycheck Protection Program of the CARES Act
 a portion
or all of which may be forgiven
 which we used to retain current employees
 maintain payroll and make lease and utility payments.
The PPP Loan matures on March 1
 2026 and bears annual interest at a rate of 1.0%. Commencing on the date that is the latter of
(i) the date that is the 10th month after the end of the Company&rsquo;s PPP Loan covered period (as described below) and (ii)
assuming the Company has applied for PPP Loan forgiveness within the period described in clause (i)
 the date on which SBA remits
the loan forgiveness amount on the Company&rsquo;s PPP Loan to the PPP lender (or notifies such lender that no loan forgiveness
is allowed)
 we are required to pay the lender equal monthly payments of principal and interest as required to fully amortize
by March 1
 2026
 any principal amount outstanding on the PPP Loan as of June 2
 2022. A portion or all of the PPP Loan may be
forgiven by the SBA upon our application and upon documentation of expenditures in accordance with the SBA requirements. Under
the CARES Act
 loan forgiveness is available for the sum of documented payroll costs
 covered rent payments
 covered mortgage
interest and covered utilities during the twenty-four-week period or
 if elected by the Company
 the eight-week period beginning
on the date the loan is advanced. Not more than 40% of the forgiven amount may be for non-payroll costs. The amount of the PPP
Loan eligible to be forgiven may be limited due to declines in headcount
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 or if salaries and
wages for employees with salaries of $100
000 or less annually are reduced by more than 25% as compared to the period of January
1
 2020 through March 31
 2020. We will be required to repay any portion of the outstanding principal that is not forgiven
 along
with accrued interest
 in accordance with the amortization schedule described above. There can be no assurances that we will be
eligible for loan forgiveness
 that we will ultimately apply for forgiveness
 or that any amount of the PPP Loan will ultimately
be forgiven by the SBA.


    
    


In
order to apply for the PPP Loan
 we were required to certify
 among other things
 that the current economic uncertainty made the
PPP Loan request necessary to support our ongoing operations. We made this certification in good faith after analyzing
 among
other things
 our financial situation and access to alternative forms of capital and believe that we satisfied all eligibility
criteria for the PPP Loan
 and that our receipt of the PPP Loan is consistent with the broad objectives of the Paycheck Protection
Program of the CARES Act. The certification described above does not contain any objective criteria and is subject to interpretation.
On April 23
 2020
 the SBA issued guidance stating that it is unlikely that a public company with substantial market value and
access to capital markets will be able to make the required certification in good faith. The lack of clarity regarding loan eligibility
under the Paycheck Protection Program has resulted in significant media coverage and controversy with respect to public companies
applying for and receiving loans. If
 despite our good-faith belief that given our Company&rsquo;s circumstances we satisfied
all eligible requirements for the PPP Loan
 we are later determined to have violated any of the laws or governmental regulations
that apply to us in connection with the PPP Loan
 such as the False Claims Act
 or it is otherwise determined that we were ineligible
to receive the PPP Loan
 we may be subject to penalties
 including significant civil
 criminal and administrative penalties and
could be required to repay the PPP Loan in its entirety. In addition
 receipt of a PPP Loan may result in adverse publicity and
damage to reputation
 and a review or audit by the SBA or other government entity or claims under the False Claims Act could consume
significant financial and management resources. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results
of operations and financial condition.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide
the information under this Item.

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

We
leased approximately 16
800 square feet of office/warehouse space for our executive offices and distribution facility for $16
916
per month from John Keeler Real Estate Holding
 Inc. (&ldquo;Keeler Real Estate&rdquo;)
 a corporation owned by each trust for
each of John Keeler III
 Andrea Keeler and Sarah Keeler
 each of whom is a child of our Executive Chairman
 John Keeler. On December
31
 2020
 this facility was sold to an unrelated third-party purchaser and the lease was terminated. In connection with the sale
the Company will retain approximately 4
756 square feet of such space
 rent-free for the next 12 months. We believe this space
will be adequate for our immediate and near-term needs. Coastal Pride leases 1
106 square feet of office space in Beaufort
 South
Carolina under a lease that expires in 2024.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There
are no pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or in which any director
 officer or affiliate of ours
 any owner of
record or beneficially of more than 5% of any class of our voting securities
 or security holder is a party adverse to us or has
a material interest adverse to us.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.

PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market
Information

Our
Common Stock has been quoted on the OTC pink sheets under the symbol &ldquo;BSFC&rdquo; since February 18
 2020. There has been
limited trading in our Common Stock and there can be no assurances that an active trading market will ever develop.


    
    


On
December 26
 2019
 the Company entered into lock-up and resale restriction agreements with fifteen shareholders with respect to
an aggregate of 16
074
939 shares of Common Stock
 which provide
 among other things
 that the shareholder may not until June
26
 2020 (the &ldquo;Lock-Up Period&rdquo;)
 sell or transfer in any way
 the shares of Common Stock held by such shareholder
except that each shareholder may sell 1
000 shares of Common Stock per month during the Lock-Up Period.



As
of April 15
 2021
 there were 19
633
161 shares of Common Stock outstanding held by 51 stockholders of record.



We
have never paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in
the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements. Our Loan
and Security Agreement with Lighthouse contains terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or
paid on our Common Stock. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and
will be dependent upon financial condition
 results of operations
 capital requirements and such other factors as the board of
directors deems relevant.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The
following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31
 2020:

Equity
Compensation Plan Information



Plan
    category
Number
 options

    
 options

Number
    of

    
    
    
    

Equity compensation plans
    approved by security holders
3
810
000
    
3
660
000

Equity compensation plans not approved
    by security holders
    
    
    




    
Represents
    (i) a 10-year option to purchase 3
120
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share granted to Christopher
    Constable
 our former chief financial officer and director (ii) 10-year options to purchase an aggregate of 665
000 shares
    of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share to certain employees
 and (iii) 10-year options to purchase an aggregate
    of 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share to certain contractors under the 2018 Plan.


Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

Except
as set forth below
 there were no sales of equity securities during the period covered by this Report that were not registered
under the Securities Act and were not previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K filed
by the Company.

On
December 24
 2020
 the Company issued 55
814 shares of common stock to the designee of a law firm in lieu of legal fees owed to
such firm for services provided to the Company.

On
December 24
 2020
 the Company issued an aggregate of 60
000 shares of common stock to Newbridge Securities Corporation
and its affiliates as compensation under an investment banking and corporate advisory agreement.


    
    


On
December 30
 2020
 the Company issued 796
650 shares of common stock to a third party designated by John Keeler pursuant to a
debt repayment agreement with Mr. Keeler as repayment for an aggregate principal amount of $1
593
300 due under four demand promissory
notes.

On
December 31
 2020
 the Company issued an aggregate of 52
286 shares of common stock to Series A preferred stockholders as a common
stock dividend for the quarters ended March 31
 2020
 June 30
 2020
 September 30
 2020 and December 31
 2020.

On
February 8
 2021
 the Company issued 25
000 shares to an investor relations firm for services provided to the Company under an
investor relations consulting agreement.

On
March 30
 2021
 the Company issued 10
465 shares of common stock to the designee of a law firm for services provided to the Company.

On
March 31
 2021
 the Company issued 11
975 shares of common stock to Series A preferred stockholders as a common stock dividend
for the quarter ended March 31
 2021.

On
March 31
 2021
 the Company issued 5
000 shares to an investor relations firm for services provided to the Company under an investor
relations consulting agreement.

The
above issuances did not involve any underwriters
 underwriting discounts or commissions
 or any public offering and we believe
is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(2) thereof.

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers



ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide
the information under this Item.

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Forward-Looking
Statements

The
following management&rsquo;s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and
the related notes thereto. The management&rsquo;s discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements
 such as statements
of our plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements. When used
 the words &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect&rdquo; and the like
 and/or future tense or conditional constructions (&ldquo;will
&rdquo;
&ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; etc.)
 or similar expressions
 identify certain of these forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
 including those under &ldquo;Risk Factors
&rdquo;
above
 that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of several factors. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
occurring after the date of this Annual Report.

Recent
Developments

On
March 29
 2021
 the board of directors increased the size of the Company&rsquo;s Board from two to five members and appointed
Jeffrey J. Guzy
 Timothy McLellan and Trond Ringstad as directors
 effective April 12
 2021
 to fill the vacancies created by
such increase.


    
    




The
current COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our business operations
 including disruptions and restrictions on our ability
to travel or to distribute our seafood products
 as well as temporary closures of our facilities. Any such disruption or delay
may impact our sales and operating results. In addition
 COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that adversely affected
the economies and financial markets of many other countries. As a result of COVID-19
 the Company has experienced a significant
decrease in revenue in the year ended December 31
 2020 as compared to the year ended December 31
 2019.

As
a result of the business interruption experienced to date
 management has taken steps to reduce expenses across all areas of its
operations
 including payroll
 marketing
 sales and warehousing expenses. The extent to which we are affected by COVID-19 will
largely depend on future developments and restrictions which may disrupt interactions with customers
 suppliers
 staff and advisors
which cannot be accurately predicted
 including the duration and scope of the pandemic
 governmental and business responses to
the pandemic and the impact on the global economy
 our customers&rsquo; demand for our products
 and our ability to provide our
products. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic on our business.

The
audited financial statements for our fiscal year ended December 31
 2020 include a summary of our significant accounting policies
and should be read in conjunction with the discussion below. In the opinion of management
 all material adjustments necessary
to present fairly the results of operations for such periods have been included in these audited financial statements. All such
adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.

Results
of Operations

The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the Company is based upon
 and should be
read in conjunction with
 the audited financial statements and related notes elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Year
Ended December 31
 2020 compared to the Year Ended December 31
 2019

Net
Sales. 
 2020 decreased 40.8% to $14
111
368 as compared to $23
829
463 for
the twelve months ended December 31
 2019 as a result of a decrease in poundage sold due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
during the twelve months ended December 31
 2020
 primarily affecting the first half of 2020.

Cost
of Goods Sold.
 2020 decreased to $12
623
576 as compared to $20
610
000
for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. The decrease is primarily attributable to the revenue decline.

Gross
Profit
 2020 decreased to $1
487
792 as compared to gross profit of
$3
219
463 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. This decrease is attributable to a reduction in poundage sold due to
the COVID-19 pandemic
 the reduction in the average selling price of the Company&rsquo;s product
 while the Company&rsquo;s inventory
cost of product sold during the period did not fully reflect the drop in value of the commodity.

Gross
Profit Margin.
 2020 decreased to 10.5% as compared to 13.5% for
the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. This reduction is attributable to revenue and the gross profit decline.

Commissions
Expenses. 
671 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019 to $96
594 for the twelve
months ended December 31
 2020. The decrease is attributable to lower commissionable revenues.

Salaries
and Wages Expense
286
879 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 as compared to
$3
897
541 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. This decrease is primarily attributable to the strategic reduction in
salaries and stock-based compensation for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020.


    
    


Depreciation
and Amortization
341 for the twelve months ended December
31
 2020 as compared to $215
089 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. The increase is attributable to purchases of fixed
assets and corresponding depreciation recognized during the twelve months ended December 31
 2020.

Other
Operating Expense. 
639
484 for the twelve months ended December
31
 2020 as compared to $2
953
069 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. The decrease is attributable the Company&rsquo;s
overhead reduction efforts in all fixed expenses related to its operations.

Other
Income
667 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 from $0 for the twelve months ended
December 31
 2019. This increase is primarily attributable to the payroll protection program loan forgiveness obtained from US
Century Bank
 sale of equipment and tariff and prepaid tax reimbursements.

Forbearance
Fee Expense (Non-Cash)
655
292 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 from
$0 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019
 which represents a one-time
 non-cash expense related to the issuance of common
stock as a forbearance fee.

Interest
Expense. 
303 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 as compared to $1
068
796 for
the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. This decrease is attributable to a decrease in the aggregate principal amount of loans
outstanding to $8
158
106 as of December 31
 2020 from $11
510
968 as of December 31
 2019.

Net
Loss. 
437
434 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 as compared to the net loss of
$5
021
703 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. The decrease in net loss is primarily attributable to reduction in salaries
and wages
 interest and other operating expenses. Net loss as of December 31
 2020 includes a non-cash expense related to a forbearance
fee of $2
655
292 and not considering this expense
 net loss would have decreased to $1
782
142 for the twelve months ended December
31
 2020.

Cash
Provided by Operating Activities. 
 2020 was
$4
575
575 as compared to cash provided of $1
577
164 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019
 representing an increase
of $2
998
411. The increase is primarily attributable to a decrease in the net loss of $584
269 for the twelve months ended
December 31
 2020. Cash generated from Accounts Receivable for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 decreased $1
574
929
as compared to the twelve months ended December 31
 2019
 while cash generated from Inventory increased $4
219
232 for
the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 as compared to the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. Cash used in Accounts Payable
activities increased $1
415
648 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 as compared to the twelve months ended December
31
 2019. The Company used $14
049 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 in advances from Bacolod as compared to usage
of $146
316 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.

Cash
Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities. 
2020 was $343
237 as compared to $269
705 cash used in investing activities for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.
The Company received $407
198 in cash proceeds from the sale of equipment for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020.

Cash
Used in Financing Activities. 
 2020 was $4
800
635
as compared to cash used in financing activities of $1
509
014 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. The primary
use of cash was a reduction in the outstanding line of credit with ACF of $5
112
061 for the twelve months ended December
31
 2020
 as compared to a decrease of $1
347
648 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.


    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
Company had cash of $337
687 as of December 31
 2020
 of which $282
043 was restricted cash. At December 31
 2020
 the Company
had a working capital deficit of $2
527
059 including $1
299
712 in stockholder loans that were subordinated to ACF as compared
to a working capital deficit of $2
786
086 at December 31
 2019
 including $2
910
136 in stockholder loans. The Company&rsquo;s
primary sources of liquidity consisted of inventory of $1
832
661 and accounts receivable of $1
082
468 at December 31
 2020.
The decrease in working capital was due primarily to a decrease of inventory of $6
151
831 and accounts receivable of $988
895
and the decrease of accounts payable of $1
920
976 and related party notes payable of $1
610
424 as compared to a decrease in
the working capital line of credit of $5
112
061.

The
Company has historically financed its operations through the cash flow generated from operations
 loans from stockholders and
other related parties as well as a working capital line of credit and the sale of equity in private offerings.

The
COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruptions to the global financial markets. The full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak
continues to evolve
 is highly uncertain and subject to change. The Company is not able to estimate the effects of the COVID-19
outbreak on its operations or financial condition in the next 12 months. However
 while significant uncertainty remains
 the Company
believes that the COVID-19 outbreak will have a negative impact the ability to raise financing and access capital.

Working
Capital Line of Credit

The
Company entered into a $14
000
000 revolving line of credit with ACF on August 31
 2016
 the proceeds of which were used to pay
off the prior line of credit
 pay new loan costs of approximately $309
000 and provide additional working capital to the Company.
This facility was amended on November 18
 2016
 June 19
 2017
 October 16
 2017
 September 19
 2018
 November 8
 2018
 July 29
2019
 November 26
 2019 and May 7
 2020 and was secured by all of the assets of Keeler &amp; Co. The interest rate under
the line of credit was equal to the greater of (i) the 3-month LIBOR rate plus 9.25%
 (ii) the prime rate plus 6.0%
 and (iii)
a fixed rate of 6.5%. As of December 31
 2020
 the interest rate was 12.48%.

On
March 31
 2021
 Keeler &amp; Co. and Coastal Pride entered into a loan and security agreement (&ldquo;Loan Agreement&rdquo;) with
Lighthouse pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement
 Lighthouse made available to Keeler &amp; Co. and Coastal Pride (together
the &ldquo;Borrowers&rdquo;) a $5
000
000 revolving line of credit for a term of thirty-six months
 renewable annually for one-year
periods thereafter. Amounts due under the line of credit are represented by a revolving credit note issued to Lighthouse by the
Borrowers.

The
advance rate of the revolving line of credit is 85% with respect to eligible accounts receivable and the lower of 60% of the Borrowers&rsquo;
eligible inventory
 or 80% of the net orderly liquidation value
 subject to an inventory sublimit of $2
500
000. The inventory
portion of the loan will never exceed 50% of the outstanding balance. Interest on the line of credit is the prime rate (with a
floor of 3.25%)
 plus 3.75%. The Borrowers paid Lighthouse a facility fee of $50
000 and will pay an additional facility fee of
$25
000 on each anniversary of March 31
 2021.

The
line of credit is secured by a first priority security interest on all the assets of each Borrower. Pursuant to the terms of a
guaranty agreement
 the Company guaranteed the obligations of the Borrowers under the note and John Keeler
 Executive Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 provided a personal guaranty of up to $1
000
000 to Lighthouse.

The
Borrowers utilized $784
450 borrowed from Lighthouse to repay all the outstanding indebtedness owed to the ACF as of March 31
2021. As a result
 all obligations owed to ACF were satisfied and the loan agreement with ACF was terminated.

John
Keeler Promissory Notes

From
January 2006 through May 2017
 Keeler &amp; Co issued 6% demand promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of $2
910
000
to John Keeler
 our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman. As of December 31
 2020
 approximately $1
299
000 of principal
remains outstanding and approximately $174
000 of interest was paid under the notes. These notes are subordinated to the Lighthouse
note. After satisfaction of the terms of the subordination
 the Company may prepay the notes at any time first against interest
due thereunder. If an event of default occurs under the notes
 interest will accrue at 18% per annum and if not paid within 10
days of payment becoming due
 the holder of the note is entitled to a late fee of 5% of the amount of payment not timely made.


    
    


Kenar
Note

On
March 26
 2019
 the Company issued a four-month promissory note in the principal amount of $1
000
000 (the &ldquo;Kenar Note&rdquo;)
to Kenar Overseas Corp.
 a company registered in Panama (&ldquo;Kenar&rdquo;). The note bears interest at the rate of 18% per
annum during the initial four months which rate will increase to 24% during any extension thereof. The note may be prepaid in
whole or in part without penalty. John Keeler
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman pledged 5
000
000
shares of common stock to secure the Company&rsquo;s obligations under the note. The Kenar Note matured on July 26
 2019 and was
extended on a month-to-month basis and on November 19
 2019
 the Kenar Note was extended to March 31
 2020 on the same terms and
conditions.

On
May 21
 2020
 the Kenar Note was amended to (i) extend the maturity date to March 31
 2021
 (ii) provide that the Company use
one-third of any capital raise from the sale of its equity to reduce the outstanding principal under the Kenar Note
 (iii) set
the interest rate at 18% per annum
 payable monthly commencing October 1
 2020
 and (iv) reduce the number of pledged shares by
Mr. Keeler to 4
000
000. As consideration therefor
 the Company issued 1
021
266 shares of Common Stock to Kenar on May 27
 2020.
The outstanding principal amount of the note at December 31
 2020 was $872
500.

Lobo
Note

On
April 2
 2019
 the Company issued a four-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 (the &ldquo;Lobo
Note&rdquo;) to Lobo Holdings
 LLLP
 a stockholder of the Company (&ldquo;Lobo&rdquo;). The Lobo Note bears interest at the rate
of 18% per annum. The Lobo Note may be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty. John Keeler
 the Company&rsquo;s Executive
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 pledged 1
000
000 shares of common stock of the Company to secure the Company&rsquo;s obligations
under the Lobo Note. The Lobo Note matured on August 2
 2019 and was extended through December 2
 2019 on the same terms and conditions.
On November 15
 2019
 the Company paid off the Lobo Note with the issuance to Lobo of an unsecured promissory note in the principal
amount of $100
000 which accrued interest at the rate of 15% per annum and matured on March 31
 2020. On April 1
 2020
 the Company
paid off the November 15
 2019 Lobo Note with the issuance to Lobo of a six-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount
of $100
000
 which accrued interest at the rate of 10% per annum and matured on October 1
 2020. On October 1
 2020
 the Company
paid off the April 1
 2020 note with the issuance of a three-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
which bears interest at the rate of 10% per annum and matured on December 31
 2020. On January 1
 2021
 the Company paid off the
October 1
 2020 note with the issuance of a six-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
 which bears
interest at the rate of 10% per annum and matures on June 30
 2021.

Paycheck
Protection Program Loan

On
April 17
 2020
 the Company received proceeds of $344
762 and issued an unsecured promissory note to US Century Bank in the principal
amount of $344
762 in connection with the Payroll Protection Program of the CARES Act (&ldquo;PPP Loan&rdquo;). The note accrues
interest at 1% per annum
 matures two years from the date of issuance and is fully guaranteed by the Small Business Administration
(&ldquo;SBA&rdquo;) and may be forgiven provided certain criteria are met. The Company is required to make monthly payments of
approximately $19
401 beginning November 17
 2020. In September 2020
 the Company applied for the loan forgiveness by SBA through
US Century Bank for the full amount which was granted on November 16
 2020.

On
March 2
 2021
 the Company received proceeds of $371
944 and issued an unsecured promissory note to US Century in the principal
amount of $371
944 in connection with a PPP Loan. The note accrues interest at 1.0% per annum
 matures five years from the date
of issuance and is fully guaranteed by the SBA and may be forgiven provided certain criteria are met. The Company may apply for
forgiveness after August 17
 2021 and may be required to make monthly payments of approximately $8
500 beginning June 2
 2022.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates

Valuation
of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Goodwill
and other intangible assets include the cost of the acquired business in excess of the fair value of the tangible net assets recorded
in connection with an acquisition. Other intangible assets include customer relationships
 non-compete agreements
 and trademarks.
For goodwill
 our policy is to assess for impairment at year-end. For other intangible assets with definite lives
 we assess for
impairment only if events occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.

Annually
we assess the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles by determining whether the fair values exceed the carrying
values of these assets. Our testing may be performed utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment; however
 if a
qualitative assessment is performed and we determine that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e.
 a
likelihood of more than 50 percent) to be less than its carrying amount
 a quantitative test is performed.

When
using a quantitative test
 we arrive at our estimates of fair value using a discounted cash flow analysis. Our assessment for
impairment of goodwill and definitive-lived intangible assets compared the fair value of the reporting unit to the corresponding
carrying value. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal
to the excess. Based on our year-end 2020 annual impairment analysis for goodwill and intangibles assets
 we concluded that it
is more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets exceeded its carrying value. No impairment was recorded
for goodwill and intangible assets.

The
fair value conclusions as of December 31
 2020 are highly sensitive to changes in the assumptions used in the income approach
which include forecasted revenues
 perpetual growth rates
 among others
 all of which require significant judgments by management.

Fair
value of the reporting unit is therefore determined using significant unobservable inputs
 or level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
The Company has used recent historical performance
 current forecasted financial information
 and broad-based industry and economic
statistics as a basis to estimate the key assumptions utilized in the forecasted cash flow model. These key assumptions are inherently
uncertain and require a high degree of estimation and judgment and are subject to change based on future changes
 industry and
global economic and geo-political conditions
 and the timing and success of the implementation of current strategic initiatives.
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on estimated future cash flows is uncertain and will largely depend on the outcome of future
events
 which could result in goodwill impairments going forward.

Variable
Interest Entity

Under
Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standard Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 810
 
when a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of an entity that is a variable interest entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;)
 as defined
in ASC 810
 the VIE must be consolidated into the financial statements of the reporting entity. The determination of which owner
is the primary beneficiary of a VIE requires management to make significant estimates and judgments about the rights
 obligations
and economic interests of each interest holder in the VIE.

The
Company evaluates its interests in VIE&rsquo;s on an ongoing basis and consolidates any VIE in which it has a controlling financial
interest and is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. A controlling financial interest has both of the following characteristics:
(i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance; and (ii) the obligation
to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to it or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could
be significant to the VIE.

Effective
April 1
 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s stockholder was transferred the controlling interest of Strike the Gold Foods
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Strike&rdquo;)
a related party entity which holds the Company&rsquo;s inventory on consignment in United Kingdom (see Note 3). The Company evaluated
its interest in Strike and determined that Strike is a VIE due to the Company&rsquo;s implicit interest in Strike and the fact
that Strike and the Company were under common control after the transfer of the controlling interest. Moreover
 the Company determined
that it is the primary beneficiary of Strike due to the fact that the Company had both the power to direct the activities that
most significantly impact Strike and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from Strike. Therefore
the Company consolidated Strike in its financial statements as of April 1
 2014
 the effective date of the controlling interest
transfer.


    
    


During
the third quarter of 2020
 the Company determined that Strike was no longer a VIE because there was a verbal agreement with Strike
that terminated the original agreement to hold the inventory on consignment and Strike has not engaged in transactions with the
Company or its subsidiaries in 2020.

The
Company also evaluated its interest in three related party entities that are under common control with the Company
 Bacolod
 Bicol
Blue Star Export Co. (&ldquo;Bicol&rdquo;) and John Keeler Real Estate Holding (&ldquo;JK Real Estate&rdquo;)
 in light of ASC
810. The Company purchased inventory from Bacolod
 an exporter of pasteurized crab meat out of the Philippines. The Company purchased
inventory
 via Bacolod
 from Bicol. The Company leased its office and warehouse facility from JK Real Estate
 a landlord that
is a related party through common family beneficial ownership until December 31
 2020.

The
Company determined that Bacolod and Bicol are not VIE&rsquo;s as they do not meet the criteria to be considered a VIE per ASC
810. The Company does not directly or indirectly absorb any variability of Bacolod or Bicol. The relationship between the Company
and Bacolod and Bicol is strictly a supplier/customer relationship. Moreover
 Bacolod and Bicol have other customers besides the
Company which will allow them to sustain their operations from selling their inventory to their other customers. As the Company
concluded that Bacolod and Bicol are not VIE&rsquo;s and the Company is not deemed their primary beneficiary
 Bacolod or Bicol
is not consolidated with the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.

The
Company no longer leases its office and warehouse facility from JK Real Estate and no longer guarantees the mortgage on the facility.
On December 31
 2020
 this facility was sold to an unrelated third-party purchaser and the lease was terminated.



Substantially
all of the Company&rsquo;s inventory consists of packaged crab meat located at the Company&rsquo;s warehouse facility as well
as public cold storage facilities and merchandise in transit from suppliers. The cost of inventory is primarily determined using
the specific identification method. Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 cost being determined
using the first-in
 first-out method.

Merchandise
is purchased cost and freight shipping point and becomes the Company&rsquo;s asset and liability upon leaving the suppliers&rsquo;
warehouse. The Company had in-transit inventory of approximately $522
000 and $1
958
000 as of December 31
 2020 and December
31
 2019
 respectively.

The
Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and records an allowance to reduce the carrying value of inventory
to the lower of cost or market based on its assessment of market conditions
 inventory turnover and current stock levels. Inventory
write-downs are charged to cost of goods sold. The Company recorded an inventory allowance of approximately $71
400 for the year
ended December 31
 2020 as compared to $40
784 for the year ended December 31
 2019.

Advances
to Suppliers and Related Party

In
the normal course of business
 the Company may advance payments to its suppliers
 including Bacolod
 a related party. These advances
are in the form of prepayments for products that will ship within a short window of time. In the event that it becomes necessary
for the Company to return products or adjust for quality issues
 the Company is issued a credit by the vendor in the normal course
of business and these credits are also reflected against future shipments.

As
of December 31
 2020
 and December 31
 2019
 the balance due from Bacolod for future shipments was approximately $1
300
000
and $1
286
000
 respectively. No new purchases have been made from Bacolod since November 2020. Cost of revenue related to
inventories purchased from Bacolod represented approximately $1
280
000 and $9
531
000 of total cost of revenue for the twelve
months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


    
    


Revenue
Recognition

Effective
with the January 1
 2018 adoption of ASU 2014-09
 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
&rdquo; and the associated
ASUs (collectively
 &ldquo;Topic 606&rdquo;)
 the Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods
or services in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.
The Company&rsquo;s source of revenue is from importing blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 the Philippines
and China and distributing it in the United States and Canada under several brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
Crab &amp; Go
 First Choice
 Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh. We sell primarily to food service distributors. We also sell
our products to wholesalers
 retail establishments and seafood distributors.

To
determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of Topic 606
 the Company
performs the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer by receipt of purchase orders and confirmations
sent by the Company which includes a required line of credit approval process
 (2) identify the performance obligations in the
contract which includes shipment of goods to the customer FOB shipping point or destination
 (3) determine the transaction price
which initiates with the purchase order received from the customer and confirmation sent by the Company and will include discounts
and allowances by customer if any
 (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract which is
the shipment of the goods to the customer and transaction price determined in step 3 above and (5) recognize revenue when (or
as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation which is when the Company transfers control of the goods to the customers by
shipment or delivery of the products.

The
Company elected an accounting policy to treat shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities. Consideration payable
to a customer is recorded as a reduction of the arrangement&rsquo;s transaction price
 thereby reducing the amount of revenue
recognized
 unless the payment is for distinct goods or services received from the customer.



On
January 1
 2019
 we adopted Accounting Standards Codification 842 and all the related amendments using the modified retrospective
method. We recognized the cumulative effect of initially applying the new lease standard as an adjustment to the opening balance
of retained earnings. The comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the lease accounting
standard in effect for those periods.

The
new lease standard requires all leases to be reported on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and lease obligations. We elected
the practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance of the new standard that retained the lease classification and
initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior to adoption of the standard. We did not reassess whether any contracts
entered into prior to adoption are leases or contain leases.

We
categorize leases with contractual terms longer than twelve months as either operating or finance. Finance leases are generally
those leases that would allow us to substantially utilize or pay for the entire asset over its estimated life. Assets acquired
under finance leases are recorded in property and equipment
 net. All other leases are categorized as operating leases. We did
not have any finance leases as of December 31
 2020. Our leases generally have terms that range from three years for equipment
and six to seven years for property. We elected the accounting policy to include both the lease and non-lease components of our
agreements as a single component and account for them as a lease.

Lease
liabilities are recognized at the present value of the fixed lease payments using a discount rate based on similarly secured borrowings
available to us. Lease assets are recognized based on the initial present value of the fixed lease payments
 reduced by landlord
incentives
 plus any direct costs from executing the leases. Lease assets are tested for impairment in the same manner as long-lived
assets used in operations. Leasehold improvements are capitalized at cost and amortized over the lesser of their expected useful
life or the lease term.

When
we have the option to extend the lease term
 terminate the lease before the contractual expiration date
 or purchase the leased
asset
 and it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the option
 we consider these options in determining the classification
and measurement of the lease. Costs associated with operating lease assets are recognized on a straight-line basis within operating
expenses over the term of the lease.


    
    


The
table below presents the lease-related assets and liabilities recorded on the balance sheets.



    
December
    31


    
    

    
99
472

    
    

    
    

    
29
337

Operating lease
    liabilities
    

    
    

Operating lease
    liabilities
69
844


Supplemental
cash flow information related to leases were as follows:



    
Twelve
    Months Ended
 2020

    
    

    
    

Operating
    leases
156
582

ROU assets recognized in exchange for
    lease obligations:
    

    
28
137


The
table below presents the remaining lease term and discount rates for operating leases.



    
December
    31
 2020

Weighted-average
    remaining lease term
    

    
3.39
                                         years

Weighted-average
    discount rate
    

Operating
    leases
    


Maturities
of lease liabilities as of December 31
 2020
 were as follows:



    
Operating
    Leases

    
    

    
33
552

    
33
552

    
26
474

    
15
060

    
    

    
    

    
108
638

Less: amount
    of lease payments representing interest
(9
457

Present value
    of future minimum lease payments
99
181

Less: current
    obligations under leases
(29
337

    
69
844



    
    



Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

ASU
2019-12 Income Taxes (Topic 740)

In
December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (&ldquo;ASU
2019-12&rdquo;)
 which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain
exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application.
This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2020
with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements
and related disclosure.

ASU
2016-13 Financial Instruments &ndash; Credit Losses (Topic 326)

In
June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments
 which requires entities to use a forward-looking
 expected loss model to estimate credit losses. It also requires
entities to consider additional disclosures related to credit quality of trade and other receivables
 including information related
to management&rsquo;s estimate of credit allowances. ASU 2016-13 was further amended in November 2018 by ASU 2018-19
 Codification
Improvements to Topic 236
 Financial Instrument-Credit Losses. For public business entities that are U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) filers excluding smaller reporting companies
 the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other public business entities
 the amendments are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. On October 16
 2019
FASB voted to delay implementation of ASU No. 2016-13
 &ldquo;Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) - Measurement of
Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.&rdquo; For all other entities
 the amendments are now effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2021
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022. Early adoption is permitted
for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2018. The Company continues to evaluate
the impact of these amendments to the Company&rsquo;s financial position and results of operations and currently expect no material
impact of the adoption of the amendments on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements

We
currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements.

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under
this Item.


    
    


ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of
Blue
Star Foods Corp

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Blue Star Foods Corp and its subsidiaries (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 changes in stockholders&rsquo;
deficit
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;).
In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of
December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Going
Concern Matter

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the financial statements
 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency
that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.



/s/
    MaloneBailey
 LLP
    

    
    

We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2014.
Houston
Texas
April
15
 2021



    
    




Blue
Star Foods Corp.
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS
DECEMBER
31




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Cash
    and cash equivalents (including VIE $8
725 for 2019)
55
644
153
904

    
282
043
41
906

Accounts receivable
    net (including VIE $20
321 for 2019)
1
082
468
2
071
363

Inventory
 net
    (including VIE $95
441 for 2019)
1
832
661
7
984
492

Advances to related
    party
1
299
984
1
285
935

Other
    current assets (including VIE $3
679 for 2019)
176
925
242
700

Total Current
    Assets
4
729
725
11
780
300

    
455
545
    

FIXED ASSETS
 net
20
064
61
908

    
99
472
1
206
931

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 net
    
    

    
788
614
845
278

    
1
145
831
1
241
667

Non-compete
    agreements
29
171
39
167

Total Intangible
    Assets
1
963
616
2
126
112

    
445
395
445
395

    
108
088
125
418

TOTAL
    ASSETS
7
821
905
15
746
064

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
    DEFICIT
    
    

    
    
    

Accounts payable
    and accruals (including VIE $30
649 for 2019)
1
607
490
3
528
466

Working capital
    line of credit
1
805
907
6
917
968

Current maturities
    of lease liabilities
29
337
136
952

Current maturities
    of related party long-term notes
195
000
100
364

Related party
    notes payable
972
500
972
500

Related party
    notes payable - Subordinated
1
299
712
2
910
136

Other
    current liabilities
1
346
838
    

Total Current
    Liabilities
7
256
784
14
566
386

    
    
    

Long-term lease
    liability
69
844
1
089
390

Related
    party long-term notes
515
000
610
000

    
7
841
628
16
265
776

    
    
    

Series A 8% cumulative convertible
    preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value; 10
000 shares authorized
 1
413 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020
    and December 31
 2019
    
    

Common stock
 $0.0001 par value
    100
000
000 shares authorized; 19
580
721 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020
 and 17
589
705 shares issued
    and outstanding as of December 31
 2019
1
958
1
761

Additional paid-in
    capital
13
488
836
8
789
021

Accumulated
    deficit
(13
510
517
(8
952
466

Total Blue Star
    Foods Corp. Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(19
723
(161
684

Non-controlling
    interest
    
(476
250

Accumulated
    other comprehensive income (VIE)
    
118
222

Total VIE&rsquo;s
    Deficit
    
(358
028

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
    DEFICIT
(19
723
(519
712

TOTAL
    LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
7
821
905
15
746
064



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Blue
Star Foods Corp.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31




    
    
    

    
    
    

REVENUE
 NET
14
111
368
23
829
463

    
    
    

    
12
623
576
20
610
000

    
    
    

    
1
487
792
3
219
463

    
    
    

    
96
594
106
671

    
1
286
879
3
897
541

    
268
341
215
089

OTHER OPERATING
    EXPENSES
1
639
484
2
953
069

    
    
    

    
(1
803
506
(3
952
907

    
    
    

    
891
667
    

    
(2
655
292
    

    
(870
303
(1
068
796

    
    
    

    
(4
437
434
(5
021
703

    
    
    

LESS: NET
    INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST
7
577
(35
417

    
    
    

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE
    TO BLUE STAR FOODS CORP.
(4
445
011
(4
986
286

    
    
    

    
113
040
113
041

    
    
    

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE
    TO BLUE STAR FOODS CORP COMMON STOCKHOLDERS
(4
558
051
(5
099
327

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

TRANSLATION
    ADJUSTMENT ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST
23
700
50
141

    
    
    

COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST
31
277
14
724

    
    
    

COMPREHENSIVE
    LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO BLUE STAR FOODS CORP.
(4
445
011
(4
986
286

    
    
    

INCOME
    TAX EXPENSE
(1
122
(4
413

    
    
    

NET
    LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO BLUE STAR FOODS CORP
(4
443
889
(4
990
699

    
    
    

COMPREHENSIVE
    LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO BLUE STAR FOODS CORP
(4
443
889
(4
990
699

    
    
    

Loss per basic and diluted common
    share:
    
    

Basic net
    loss per common share
    
    

Basic weighted average common
    shares outstanding
18
257
491
16
201
766

Fully diluted
    net loss per common share
    
    

Fully diluted weighted average
    common shares outstanding
18
257
491
16
201
766



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Blue
Star Foods Corp.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2020



    
Series
    A Pref Stock $.0001 par value
Common
    Stock $.0001 par value
    
                                               
    
Total
                                         Blue Star Foods Corp.
                                               
    
                                               
    
                                               

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2018
1
413
    
16
023
164
1
603
3
404
774
(3
853
139
(446
762
(372
752
(819
514

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
000
    
31
998
    
32
000
    
32
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cancellation of issued shares for
    cash
    
    
(5
000
    
(9
999
    
(10
000
    
(10
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
198
521
    
397
022
    
397
042
    
397
042

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock incentive issued to
    employees
    
    
5
500
    
10
999
    
11
000
    
11
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued for Coastal Pride
    Acquisition
    
    
1
295
000
    
2
589
870
    
2
590
000
    
2
590
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
2
251
322
    
2
251
322
    
2
251
322

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series A preferred 8% dividend issued
    in common stock
    
    
56
520
    
113
035
(113
041
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(4
986
286
(4
986
286
(35
417
(5
021
703

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
141
50
141

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2019
1
413
    
17
589
705
1
761
8
789
021
(8
952
466
(161
684
(358
028
(519
712

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
139
380
    
139
380
    
139
380

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
000
    
10
000
    
10
000
    
10
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
115
814
    
188
988
    
189
000
    
189
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued to related party
    lender for forbearance
    
    
1
021
266
    
2
655
192
    
2
655
292
    
2
655
292

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued to settle related
    party notes
    
    
796
650
    
1
593
220
    
1
593
300
    
1
593
300

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series A preferred 8% dividend issued
    in common stock
    
    
52
286
    
113
035
(113
040
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(4
445
011
(4
445
011
7
577
(4
437
434

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deconsolidation of Strike the Gold
    Foods
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
326
751
326
751

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
23
700
23
700

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2020
1
413
    
19
580
721
1
958
13
488
836
(13
510
517
(19
723
    
(19
723


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Blue
Star Foods Corp.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31




    
    
    

    
    
    

Net
    Loss
(4
437
434
(5
021
703

Adjustments to
    reconcile net loss to net cash provided in operating activities:
    
    

    
139
380
2
262
322

Common stock
    issued for service
69
000
397
042

Common stock
    issued for forbearance fee
2
655
292
    

Depreciation
    of fixed assets
33
367
66
012

Amortization
    of intangible assets
162
496
20
380

Amortization
    of loan costs
72
478
128
696

    
175
699
149
861

    
13
293
    

Allowance for
    inventory obsolescence
71
487
    

Gain on PPP loan
    forgiveness
(344
762
    

Gain on termination
    of lease
(38
819
    

Gain on sale
    of equipment
(343
181
    

Changes in operating
    assets and liabilities:
    
    

    
942
656
2
517
585

    
6
023
473
1
804
241

Advances to affiliated
    supplier
(14
049
(146
316

Other current
    assets
63
315
(12
930

Right of use
    liability
(156
582
(130
450

    
14
852
    

Accounts payable
    and accruals
(1
873
224
(457
576

Other
    current liabilities
1
346
838
    

Net Cash Provided
    by Operating Activities
4
575
575
1
577
164

    
    
    

    
    
    

Deconsolidation
    of variable interest entity
(8
421
    

Net cash paid
    for acquisition
    
(260
667

Proceeds from
    sale of fixed assets
407
198
    

Purchases
    of fixed assets
(55
540
(9
038

Net Cash Provided
    by (Used in) Investing Activities
343
237
(269
705

    
    
    

    
    
    

Proceeds from
    common stock offering
10
000
22
000

Proceeds from
    working capital line of credit
6
775
660
21
545
968

Proceeds from
    related party notes payable
    
1
100
000

Proceeds from
    HSBC loan
43
788
    

Proceeds from
    PPP loan
344
762
    

Repayments of
    working capital line of credit
(11
887
721
(23
993
616

Repayments of
    related party notes payable
(17
124
(127
500

Principal payments
    of long-term debt
    
(30
866

Payments
    of loan costs
(70
000
(25
000

Net Cash Used
    in Financing Activities
(4
800
635
(1
509
014

    
    
    

Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on
    Cash
23
700
50
141

    
    
    

NET INCREASE
    (DECREASE) IN CASH
 CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH
141
877
(151
414

    
    
    

CASH
 CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED
    CASH - BEGINNING OF PERIOD
195
810
347
226

    
    
    

CASH
 CASH
    EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH - END OF PERIOD
337
687
195
810

    
    
    

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH
    ACTIVITY
    
    

Series A preferred
    8% dividend issued in common stock
113
040
113
041

Operating lease
    assets recognized in exchange for operating lease liabilities
28
137
1
257
751

Shares issued
    for partial payment of accounts payable
120
000
    

Shares issued
    for partial payment of notes payable - related party
1
593
300
    

Shares issued
    for acquisition
    
2
590
000

Related party
    notes recognized from business acquisition
    
710
000

    
    
    

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow
    Information
    
    

Cash
    paid for interest
725
693
1
068
796


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    






Blue
Star Foods Corp
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December
31
 2020 and 2019

Note
1. Company Overview

Located
in Miami
 Florida
 Blue Star Foods Corp. (&ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a sustainable
seafood company. The Company&rsquo;s main operating business
 John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. has been in business for approximately
twenty-five years. The Company was formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. The current source of revenue is importing
blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 the Philippines and China and distributing it in the United States
Canada and Europe under several brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
 Crab &amp; Go
 First Choice
 Good Stuff and
Coastal Pride Fresh.

On
November 8
 2018
 the sole shareholder of John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.
 John Keeler
 executed an Agreement and Plan of Merger and
Reorganization with Blue Star Foods Corp. (formerly A.G. Acquisition Group II
 Inc.) and Blue Star Acquisition Corp. pursuant
to which he exchanged his 500 shares
 par value $1.00 per share in John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. for 15
000
000 shares
 par value
$0.0001 per share of the then outstanding 16
015
000 outstanding shares. As part of the merger
 the net liabilities existing in
the company as of the date of the merger totaling approximately $2
400 were converted to equity. The prior owners of Blue Star
Foods Corp. received 750
000 shares of common stock as part of this transaction
 and various service providers received 265
000
shares as compensation for their work on the transaction resulting in an expense and additional paid in capital of $530
001. Additionally
there were 725 Series A Preferred shares and 181
250 warrants issued to private placement offering investors for a total capital
contribution of $725
000
 688 Series A Preferred shares and 172
000 warrants issued for settlement with prior investors which
had a fair value of $688
000 and $81
353 respectively. Upon the close of the merger
 there were 3
120
000 options to purchase
common stock issued to Christopher Constable
 the Company&rsquo;s then Chief Financial Officer. Additionally
 Carlos Faria
 the
Company&rsquo;s then Chief Executive Officer
 held options to purchase 104 shares of John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. prior to the
merger. These options were immediately converted at closing to an option to purchase 3
120
000 shares of common stock in the Company.

The
Merger was accounted for as a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo; and recapitalization since
 immediately following the completion of
the transaction
 the holders of John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.&rsquo;s stock had effective control of Blue Star Foods Corp. In addition
John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. had control of the combined entity through control of the Board by designating all four of the board
seats. Additionally
 all of John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.&rsquo;s officers and senior executive positions continued as management
of the combined entity after consummation of the Merger. For accounting purposes
 John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. was deemed to be
the accounting acquirer in the transaction and
 consequently
 the transaction has been treated as a recapitalization of Blue Star
Foods Corp. Accordingly
 John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.&rsquo;s assets
 liabilities and results of operations are the historical
financial statements of the registrant
 and the John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.&rsquo;s assets
 liabilities and results of operations
have been consolidated with Blue Star Foods Corp effective as of the date of the closing of the Merger. No step-up in basis or
intangible assets or goodwill was recorded in this transaction.

On
November 26
 2019
 John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation (the &ldquo;Purchaser&rdquo;)
 and wholly-owned direct subsidiary
of the Company
 entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the &ldquo;Coastal Merger Agreement&rdquo;) with
Coastal Pride Company
 Inc.
 a South Carolina corporation
 Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC
 a Florida limited liability company and
newly-formed
 wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser (the &ldquo;Acquisition Subsidiary&rdquo; and
 upon the effective date
of the Merger
 the &ldquo;Surviving Company)
 and The Walter F. Lubkin
 Jr. Irrevocable Trust dated 1/8/03 (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;)
Walter F. Lubkin III (&ldquo;Lubkin III&rdquo;)
 Tracy Lubkin Greco (&ldquo;Greco&rdquo;) and John C. Lubkin (&ldquo;Lubkin&rdquo;)
constituting all of the shareholders of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. immediately prior to the Coastal Merger (collectively
the &ldquo;Sellers&rdquo;). Pursuant to the terms of the Coastal Merger Agreement
 Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. merged with
and into the Acquisition Subsidiary
 with the Acquisition Subsidiary being the surviving company (the &ldquo;Coastal Pride Merger&rdquo;).


    
    


Coastal
Pride is a seafood company
 based in Beaufort
 South Carolina
 that imports pasteurized and fresh crabmeat sourced primarily from
Mexico and Latin America and sells premium branded label crabmeat throughout North America.

Note
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Presentation

The
accompanying financial statements of the Company were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;).

Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
 John Keeler &amp; Co
 Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary
 and
Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC (&ldquo;Coastal Pride&rdquo;)
 a wholly owned subsidiary of John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. All
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets

Goodwill
and other intangible assets include the cost of the acquired business in excess of the fair value of the tangible net assets recorded
in connection with an acquisition. Other intangible assets include customer relationships
 non-compete agreements
 and trademarks.
The Company reviews its finite-lived intangibles and goodwill for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and may not be recoverable.

Impairments
are recorded as impairment charges in the Company&rsquo;s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
 and a
reduction of the asset&rsquo;s carrying value in the Company&rsquo;s Consolidated Balance Sheets when they occur. In accordance
with its policies
 the Company performed an assessment of its finite-lived intangibles and goodwill and determined there was no
impairment for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.

Variable
Interest Entity

Under
Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standard Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 810
 
when a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of an entity that is a variable interest entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;)
 as defined
in ASC 810
 the VIE must be consolidated into the financial statements of the reporting entity. The determination of which owner
is the primary beneficiary of a VIE requires management to make significant estimates and judgments about the rights
 obligations
and economic interests of each interest holder in the VIE.

The
Company evaluates its interests in VIE&rsquo;s on an ongoing basis and consolidates any VIE in which it has a controlling financial
interest and is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. A controlling financial interest has both of the following characteristics:
(i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance; and (ii) the obligation
to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to it or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could
be significant to the VIE.

Effective
April 1
 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s stockholder was transferred the controlling interest of Strike the Gold Foods
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Strike&rdquo;)
a related party entity which holds the Company&rsquo;s inventory on consignment in United Kingdom (see Note 3). The Company evaluated
its interest in Strike and determined that Strike is a VIE due to the Company&rsquo;s implicit interest in Strike and the fact
that Strike and the Company were under common control after the transfer of the controlling interest. Moreover
 the Company determined
that it is the primary beneficiary of Strike due to the fact that the Company had both the power to direct the activities that
most significantly impact Strike and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from Strike. Therefore
the Company consolidated Strike in its financial statements starting as of April 1
 2014
 the effective date of the controlling
interest transfer.

During
the third quarter of 2020
 the Company determined that Strike was no longer a VIE because there was a verbal agreement with Strike
that terminated the original agreement to hold the inventory on consignment and Strike has not engaged in transactions with the
Company or its subsidiaries in 2020.


    
    


The
Company also evaluated its interest in three related party entities that are under common control with the Company
 Bacolod Blue
Star Export Corp. (&ldquo;Bacolod&rdquo;)
 Bicol Blue Star Export Co. (&ldquo;Bicol&rdquo;) and John Keeler Real Estate Holding
(&ldquo;JK Real Estate&rdquo;)
 in light of ASC 810. The Company purchases inventory from Bacolod
 an exporter of pasteurized
crab meat out of the Philippines. The Company purchased inventory
 via Bacolod
 from Bicol. The Company leased its office and
warehouse facility from JK Real Estate
 a landlord that is a related party through common family beneficial ownership until December
31
 2020. (see Note 7)

The
Company determined that Bacolod and Bicol are not VIE&rsquo;s as they do not meet the criteria to be considered a VIE per ASC
810. The Company does not directly or indirectly absorb any variability of Bacolod or Bicol. The relationship between the Company
 accounting
policy). Moreover
 Bacolod and Bicol have other customers besides the Company which will allow them to sustain their operations
from selling their inventory to their other customers. As the Company concluded that Bacolod and Bicol are not VIE&rsquo;s and
the Company is not deemed their primary beneficiary
 Bacolod or Bicol is not consolidated with the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.

The
Company no longer leases its office and warehouse facility from JK Real Estate and no longer guarantees the mortgage on the facility
and therefore is no longer considered a VIE. On December 31
 2020
 this facility was sold to an unrelated third-party purchaser
and the lease was terminated.

Cash
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

The
Company maintains cash balances with financial institutions in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Company (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;)
insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses on such accounts and believes it does not have a significant exposure.

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

The
Company considers any cash balance in the lender designated cash collateral account as restricted cash. All cash proceeds must
be deposited into cash collateral account
 and will be cleared and applied to the line of credit. The Company has no access to
this account
 and the purpose of the funds is restricted to repayment of the line of credit. The following table provides a reconciliation
of cash
 cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same
such amounts in the consolidated statements of cash flows:



    
December
    31
 
December
    31
 

    
    
    

    
55
644
153
904

Restricted
    cash
282
043
41
906

Total cash
 cash
    equivalents
 and restricted cash shown in the cash flow statement
337
687
195
810


Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable consist of unsecured obligations due from customers under normal trade terms
 usually net 30 days. The Company grants
credit to its customers based on the Company&rsquo;s evaluation of a particular customer&rsquo;s credit worthiness.

Allowances
for doubtful accounts are maintained for potential credit losses based on the age of the accounts receivable and the results of
the Company&rsquo;s periodic credit evaluations of its customers&rsquo; financial condition. Receivables are written off as uncollectible
and deducted from the allowance for doubtful accounts after collection efforts have been deemed to be unsuccessful. Subsequent
recoveries are netted against the provision for doubtful accounts expense. The Company generally does not charge interest on receivables.


    
    


Receivables
are net of estimated allowances for doubtful accounts and sales return and allowances. They are stated at estimated net realizable
value. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company recorded sales return and allowances and refund liability of approximately
$62
800 and $59
100
 respectively. There was no allowance for bad debt recorded during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.



Substantially
all of the Company&rsquo;s inventory consists of packaged crab meat located at the Company&rsquo;s warehouse facility as well
as public cold storage facilities and merchandise in transit from suppliers. The cost of inventory is primarily determined using
the specific identification method. Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 cost being determined
using the first-in
 first-out method.

Merchandise
is purchased cost and freight shipping point and becomes the Company&rsquo;s asset and liability upon leaving the suppliers&rsquo;
warehouse. The Company had in-transit inventory of approximately $522
000 and $1
958
000 as of December 31
 2020 and December
31
 2019
 respectively.

The
Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and records an allowance to reduce the carrying value of inventory
to the lower of cost or market based on its assessment of market conditions
 inventory turnover and current stock levels. Inventory
write-downs are charged to cost of goods sold. The Company recorded an inventory allowance of approximately $71
400 and $40
800
for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019.

Advances
to Suppliers and Related Party

In
the normal course of business
 the Company may advance payments to its suppliers
 inclusive of Bacolod
 a related party. These
advances are in the form of prepayments for products that will ship within a short window of time. In the event that it becomes
necessary for the Company to return products or adjust for quality issues
 the Company is issued a credit by the vendor in the
normal course of business and these credits are also reflected against future shipments.

As
of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the balance due from the related party for future shipments was approximately $1
300
000
and $1
286
000
 respectively. No new purchases have been made from Bacolod since November 2020. Cost of revenue related to inventories
purchased from Bacolod represented approximately $1
280
000 and $9
531
000 of total cost of revenue for the twelve months ended
December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Fixed
Assets

Fixed
assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and are being depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful life of the asset as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


Leasehold
improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the expected life of the improvement or the remaining
lease term.

The
Company capitalizes expenditures for major improvements and additions and expenses those items which do not improve or extend
the useful life of the fixed assets.


    
    


The
Company reviews fixed assets for recoverability if events or changes in circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired. At
December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company believes the carrying values of its long-lived assets are recoverable and as such
 the
Company did not record any impairment.

Other
Comprehensive (loss) Income

The
Company reports its comprehensive (loss) income in accordance with ASC 220
 
 which establishes standards
for reporting and presenting comprehensive (loss) income and its components in a full set of financial statements. Other comprehensive
(loss) income consists of net income (loss) and cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments.

Foreign
Currency Translation

The
Company&rsquo;s functional and reporting currency is the U.S. Dollars. The assets and liabilities held by the Company&rsquo;s
previous VIE had a functional currency other than the U.S. Dollar. In the third quarter of 2020
 the VIE was assessed as no longer
being a VIE. The VIE results were translated into U.S. Dollars at exchange rates in effect at the end of each reporting period.
The VIE&rsquo;s revenue and expenses were translated into U.S. Dollars at the average rates that prevailed during the period.
The rates used in the financial statements as presented for December 31
 2020 and 2019 were 1.260 and 1.337 US dollar to UK pound
sterling
 respectively. The resulting net translation gains and losses are reported as foreign currency translation adjustments
in stockholders&rsquo; equity as a component of comprehensive (loss) income. The Company recorded foreign currency translation
adjustment of approximately $23
700 and $50
100 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 respectively.

Revenue
Recognition

Effective
with the January 1
 2018 adoption of ASU 2014-09
 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
&rdquo; and the associated
ASUs (collectively
 &ldquo;Topic 606&rdquo;)
 the Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods
or services in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.
The Company&rsquo;s source of revenue is from importing blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 the Philippines
and China and distributing it in the United States and Canada under several brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
Crab &amp; Go
 First Choice
 Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh. We sell primarily to food service distributors. We also sell
our products to wholesalers
 retail establishments and seafood distributors.

To
determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of Topic 606
 the Company
performs the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer by receipt of purchase orders and confirmations
sent by the Company which includes a required line of credit approval process
 (2) identify the performance obligations in the
contract which includes shipment of goods to the customer FOB shipping point or destination
 (3) determine the transaction price
which initiates with the purchase order received from the customer and confirmation sent by the Company and will include discounts
and allowances by customer if any
 (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract which is
the shipment of the goods to the customer and transaction price determined in step 3 above and (5) recognize revenue when (or
as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation which is when the Company transfers control of the goods to the customers by
shipment or delivery of the products.


The
Company elected an accounting policy to treat shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities. Consideration payable
to a customer is recorded as a reduction of the arrangement&rsquo;s transaction price
 thereby reducing the amount of revenue
recognized
 unless the payment is for distinct goods or services received from the customer.



    
    




On
January 1
 2019
 we adopted Accounting Standards Codification 842 and all the related amendments using the modified retrospective
method. We recognized the cumulative effect of initially applying the new lease standard as an adjustment to the opening balance
of retained earnings. The comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the lease accounting
standard in effect for those periods.

The
new lease standard requires all leases to be reported on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and lease obligations. We elected
the practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance of the new standard that retained the lease classification and
initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior to adoption of the standard. We did not reassess whether any contracts
entered into prior to adoption are leases or contain leases.

We
categorize leases with contractual terms longer than twelve months as either operating or finance. Finance leases are generally
those leases that would allow us to substantially utilize or pay for the entire asset over its estimated life. Assets acquired
under finance leases are recorded in property and equipment
 net. All other leases are categorized as operating leases. We did
not have any finance leases as of December 31
 2020. Our leases generally have terms that range from three years for equipment
and six to seven years for property. We elected the accounting policy to include both the lease and non-lease components of our
agreements as a single component and account for them as a lease.

Lease
liabilities are recognized at the present value of the fixed lease payments using a discount rate based on similarly secured borrowings
available to us. Lease assets are recognized based on the initial present value of the fixed lease payments
 reduced by landlord
incentives
 plus any direct costs from executing the leases. Lease assets are tested for impairment in the same manner as long-lived
assets used in operations. Leasehold improvements are capitalized at cost and amortized over the lesser of their expected useful
life or the lease term.

When
we have the option to extend the lease term
 terminate the lease before the contractual expiration date
 or purchase the leased
asset
 and it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the option
 we consider these options in determining the classification
and measurement of the lease. Costs associated with operating lease assets are recognized on a straight-line basis within operating
expenses over the term of the lease.

The
table below presents the lease-related assets and liabilities recorded on the balance sheets.



    
December
    31


    
    

Operating
    lease assets
99
472

    
    

    
    

    
29
337

Operating
    lease liabilities
    

    
    

Operating
    lease liabilities
69
844


Supplemental
cash flow information related to leases were as follows:



    
Twelve
    Months Ended
 2020

    
    

Cash
    used in operating activities:
    

Operating
    leases
156
582

ROU
    assets recognized in exchange for lease obligations:
    

Operating
    leases
28
137


The
table below presents the remaining lease term and discount rates for operating leases.



    
December
    31
 2020

Weighted-average
    remaining lease term
    

Operating
    leases
3.39
                                         years

Weighted-average
    discount rate
    

Operating
    leases
    


Maturities
of lease liabilities as of December 31
 2020
 were as follows:



    
Operating
    Leases

    
    

    
33
552

    
33
552

    
26
474

    
15
060

    
    

    
    

Total
    lease payments
108
638

Less:
    amount of lease payments representing interest
(9
457

Present
    value of future minimum lease payments
99
181

Less:
    current obligations under leases
(29
337

Non-current
    obligations
69
844




The
Company expenses the costs of advertising as incurred. Advertising expenses which are included in Other Operating Expenses were
approximately $7
200 and $81
700
 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


    
    


Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;)
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Customer
Concentration

The
Company had three customers which accounted for approximately 26% of revenue in the year ended December 31
 2020.
The Company had three customers which accounted for 46% of revenue during the years ended December 31
 2019. Outstanding receivables
from these customers accounted for approximately 19% of the total accounts receivable as of December 31
 2020 and 2019.
The loss of any major customer could have a material adverse impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and
financial position.

Supplier
Concentration

The
Company had five suppliers which accounted for approximately 65% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during the year ended
December 31
 2020. These five suppliers are located in the United States
 Indonesia
 Sri Lanka
 Mexico and the Philippines
 which
accounted for approximately 93% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during the year. During 2020
 the Company purchased inventory
from two non-affiliated Indonesian suppliers that made up the balance of 25% of the supply concentration.

The
Company had two suppliers which accounted for approximately 42% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during the year ended December
31
 2019
 and a one-time purchase from a United States based supplier that accounted for approximately 21% of purchases. The two
suppliers are located in two countries
 Indonesia
 and the Philippines
 which accounted for approximately 65% of the Company&rsquo;s
total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2019. These suppliers included Bacolod
 a related party
 which accounted for
approximately 27% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2019.

The
loss of any major supplier could have a material adverse impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial
position.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

Our
financial instruments include cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and debt obligations. We believe
the carrying values of our financial instruments approximate their fair values because they are short term in nature or payable
on demand.

Earnings
or Loss per Share

The
Company accounts for earnings per share pursuant to ASC 260
 Earnings per Share
 which requires disclosure on the financial statements
of &ldquo;basic&rdquo; and &ldquo;diluted&rdquo; earnings (loss) per share. Basic earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing
net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share
is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus common stock equivalents
(if dilutive) related to stock options and warrants for each year. As further described in Footnote 6 - Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock
 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 1
413 shares of Preferred Stock could be converted into 706
500 shares of common stock.
As further described in Footnote 7 &ndash; Options &amp; Warrants
 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 3
120
000 and 3
280
000 options
may be exercised
 respectively
 and 353
250 warrants are exercisable.

As
there was a net loss for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 basic and diluted losses per share each year
are the same.


    
    


Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718
 &ldquo;Compensation-Stock Compensation&rdquo;. ASC 718
requires companies to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
 including
stock options
 based on the grant-date fair value of the award and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the
employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award
 usually the vesting period. The Company has elected to adopt
ASU 2016-09 and has a policy to account for forfeitures as they occur.

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation awards to non-employees in accordance with ASU No. 2018-07
 Compensation &ndash;
Stock Based Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting (&ldquo;ASU 2018-07&rdquo;)
which aligns accounting for share-based payments issued to nonemployees to that of employees under the existing guidance of Topic
718
 with certain exceptions.

Related
Parties

The
Company accounts for related party transactions in accordance with ASC 850 (&ldquo;Related Party Disclosures&rdquo;). A party
is considered to be related to the Company if the party directly or indirectly or through one or more intermediaries
 controls
is controlled by
 or is under common control with the Company. Related parties also include principal owners of the Company
 its
management
 members of the immediate families of principal owners of the Company and its management and other parties with which
the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to
an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. A party which
can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or if it has an ownership interest
in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties
might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests is also a related party.

As
of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 there was approximately $392
000 and $350
900 in interest paid to related parties notes payable.
See Note 6 Debt and Note 4 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entity for further information.



Certain
amounts in prior year have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

Income
Taxes

Prior
to November 8
 2018
 the Company was taxed under the provisions of subchapter S of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these provisions
the Company did not pay corporate federal income taxes on its taxable income but was liable for Florida corporate income taxes
and Texas Franchise Tax. The shareholder was liable for individual income taxes on the Company&rsquo;s taxable income. Post-merger
the Company files consolidated federal and state income tax returns.


    
    


Income
tax expense is the total of the current year income tax due and the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are the expected future tax amounts for the temporary differences between carrying amounts and tax bases
of assets and liabilities
 computed using enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to
the amount expected to be realized. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted
through the provision for income taxes.

A
tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; that the tax position would be sustained
in a tax examination
 with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit
that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo;
test
 no tax benefit is recorded.

The
Company&rsquo;s policy is to recognize interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions in &ldquo;Income tax expense&rdquo; in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were no amounts related to interest and penalties recognized for the years ended
December 31
 2020 or 2019.

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

ASU
2019-12 Income Taxes (Topic 740)

In
December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (&ldquo;ASU
2019-12&rdquo;)
 which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain
exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application.
This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2020
with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements
and related disclosure.


    
    


ASU
2016-13 Financial Instruments &ndash; Credit Losses (Topic 326)

In
June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments
 which requires entities to use a forward-looking
 expected loss model to estimate credit losses. It also requires
entities to consider additional disclosures related to credit quality of trade and other receivables
 including information related
to management&rsquo;s estimate of credit allowances. ASU 2016-13 was further amended in November 2018 by ASU 2018-19
 Codification
Improvements to Topic 236
 Financial Instrument-Credit Losses. For public business entities that are U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) filers excluding smaller reporting companies
 the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other public business entities
 the amendments are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. On October 16
 2019
FASB voted to delay implementation of ASU No. 2016-13
 &ldquo;Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) - Measurement of
Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.&rdquo; For all other entities
 the amendments are now effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2021
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022. Early adoption is permitted
for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2018. The Company continues to evaluate
the impact of these amendments to the Company&rsquo;s financial position and results of operations and currently expect no material
impact of the adoption of the amendments on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.

Note
3. Going Concern

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern.
Although the company has positive cash flow from operations for the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company incurred a net loss
of $4
437
434
 has an accumulated deficit of $13
510
517 and working capital deficit of $2
257
059
 inclusive of $1
299
712 in
subordinated stockholder debt. These circumstances raise substantial doubt as to the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a
going concern. The Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company&rsquo;s ability to increase
revenues
 execute on its business plan to acquire complimentary companies
 raise capital
 and to continue to sustain adequate
working capital to finance its operations. The failure to achieve the necessary levels of profitability and cash flows would be
detrimental to the Company. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the
Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

Note
4. Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities

Effective
April 1
 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s stockholder was transferred the controlling interest of Strike the Gold Foods Ltd. (&ldquo;Strike&rdquo;)
a related party entity based in the United Kingdom. The Company concluded that Strike was a variable interest entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;)
and the Company was the primary beneficiary of Strike
 in accordance with ASC 810
 Consolidation. Therefore
 the Company consolidated
Strike in its financial statements. Strike&rsquo;s activities were reflected in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements starting
on April 1
 2014
 the effective date of the controlling interest transfer. The equity of Strike was classified as non-controlling
interest in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements since the Company is not a shareholder of Strike.

In
the third quarter of 2020
 the Company determined that Strike was no longer a VIE because there was a verbal agreement with Strike
that terminated the original agreement to hold Company inventory on consignment and Strike has not engaged in transactions with
the Company or its subsidiaries in 2020. In addition
 as of July 1
 2020
 the Company neither directly or indirectly absorbs any
variability of Strike nor holds the power to direct the activities of Strike that most significantly impact its economic performance
and Strike was also able to finance its activities without financial support from the Company. The Company deconsolidated Strike
on July 1
 2020 and the income and loss for the VIE is recognized in the Company&rsquo;s income statement through the deconsolidation
date. As a result of such deconsolidation
 the Company no longer recognizes the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest
as a component of total shareholder&rsquo;s equity resulting in a reduction of $468
673 of noncontrolling interest and $141
922
from accumulated other comprehensive income on its consolidated balance sheet. Further
 the Company derecognized approximately
$8
421 of effect of exchange rate changes on cash of Strike as of July 1
 2020 which is reflected in its consolidated statement
of cash flows for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020. There is no other material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
balance sheet
 consolidated cash flows or consolidated statement of operations resulting from deconsolidation of Strike.


    
    


Pro-forma
financials have not been presented because the effects were not material to the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial position
and results of operations for all periods presented. Strike remains a related party to the Company after deconsolidation and there
is a long-term receivable from Strike to the Company for $455
545 as of December 31
 2020. There were no transactions between
the Company and Strike since November 2020.

The
information below represents the assets
 liabilities and non-controlling interest related to Strike as of July 1
 2020
 the deconsolidation
date
 and December 31
 2019.



    
July
    1
 2020

    
100
698

    
(427
449

    
(468
673

    
141
922




    
December
    31
 2019

    
128
166

    
30
649

    
(476
250


Note
5. Fixed Assets
 Net

Fixed
assets comprised the following at December 31:



    
    
    

    
90
707
82
240

    
    
157
839

    
4
919
4
919

    
95
626
244
998

Less: Accumulated
    depreciation
(75
562
(183
090

Fixed assets
    net
20
064
61
908


For
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 depreciation expense totaled approximately $33
200 and $66
000
 respectively. On
December 2020
 our warehouse and refrigeration equipment was sold to an unrelated party for $407
198 and the Company recorded
gain on the sale of the equipment of $343
181.

Note
6. Debt

Working
Capital Line of Credit

On
August 31
 2016
 the Company entered into a $14
000
000 revolving line of credit pursuant to a loan and security agreement with
ACF Finco I
 LP (&ldquo;ACF&rdquo;)
 the proceeds of which were used to pay off the prior line of credit
 pay new loan costs of
approximately $309
000
 and provide additional working capital to the Company. This facility was secured by all assets of John
Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. and was amended on November 18
 2016
 June 19
 2017
 October 16
 2017
 September 19
 2018
 November 8
2018
 July 29
 2019
 November 26
 2019 and May 7
 2020.

Interest
on the line of credit was equal to the greater of 3 Month LIBOR rate plus 9.25%
 the Prime rate plus 6.0% or a fixed rate of 6.5%.

The
ACF line of credit agreement was subject to the following terms:



    
    
Borrowing
    is based on up to 85% of eligible accounts receivable plus the net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory at the
    same rate
 subject to certain defined limitations. 

    
    
The
    line is collateralized by substantially all the assets and property of the Company and is personally guaranteed by the stockholder
    of the Company. 

    
    
The
    Company is restricted to specified distribution payments
 use of funds
 and is required to comply with certain other covenants
    including certain financial ratios. 

    
    
All
    cash received by the Company is applied against the outstanding loan balance. 

    
    
A
    subjective acceleration clause allows ACF to call the note upon a material adverse change. 



    
    


On
November 26
 2019
 Inc. the Company entered into the seventh amendment to the loan and security agreement with ACF. This amendment
memorialized the acquisition of Coastal Pride and made Coastal Pride a co-borrower to the facility. Additionally
 the seventh
amendment waived and reset the covenant default that occurred during 2019 and extended the term of the facility to 5 years and
is subject to early termination by the lender upon defined events of default. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company
was in violation of its minimum EBITDA covenant as well as exceeding the covenant related to monies advanced to Bacolod by approximately
$105
000. The default interest rate increase of 3% was implemented in April 2020.

On
May 7
 2020
 the Company entered into an eighth amendment to the loan and security agreement with ACF which acknowledged the execution
of a Payroll Protection Program loan and provided a reservation of rights related to a default of the minimum EBITDA covenant.

The
Company analyzed the Line of Credit modification under ASC 470-50-40-21 and determined that the modification did not trigger any
additional accounting due to the revolving line of credit remain unchanged.

As
of December 31
 2020
 the line of credit bears interest rate of 12.48%.

As
of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the line of credit had an outstanding balance of approximately $1
805
000 and $6
918
000
 respectively.

The
Company amortizes loan costs on a straight-line basis
 which approximates the interest method
 over the term of the credit facility.
The Company added loan costs associated with the working capital lines of credit of approximately $70
000 and $25
000 for the
twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 leaving balances in the asset of $2
992 and $5
470
 respectively
 net of
approximately $585
000 and $513
000 of accumulated amortization as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.
The Company recorded amortization expense of approximately $72
000 and $129
000 during the years ended December 31
 2020
and 2019
 respectively.

On
March 31
 2021
 Keeler &amp; Co. and Coastal Pride entered into a loan and security agreement (the &ldquo;Loan Agreement&rdquo;)
with Lighthouse Financial Corp.
 a North Carolina corporation (&ldquo;Lighthouse&rdquo;) and the loan with ACF was extinguished.

John
Keeler Promissory Notes - Subordinated

The
Company had unsecured promissory notes outstanding to its stockholder of approximately $1
299
700 and $2
910
000 as of December
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. These notes are payable on demand
 bear an annual interest rate of 6% and are subordinated
to the working capital line of credit. Principal payments were not permitted under the subordination agreement with ACF
that was effective August 31
 2016. During 2020
 a principal payment of approximately $17
000 was made. An additional principal
settlement of $1
593
300 was made in December 2020 by the issuance of 796
650 shares of common stock to the noteholder.
No principal payments were made by the Company during 2019.

Kenar
Note

On
March 26
 2019
 the Company issued a four-month promissory note in the principal amount of $1
000
000 (the &ldquo;Kenar Note&rdquo;)
to Kenar Overseas Corp.
 a company registered in Panama (&ldquo;Kenar&rdquo;)
 the term of which was previously extended to March
31
 2020 after which time
 on May 21
 2020
 the Kenar Note was amended to (i) set the maturity date at March 31
 2021 
 (ii) provide
that the Company use one-third of any capital raise from the sale of its equity to reduce the outstanding principal under the
Kenar Note
 (iii) set the interest rate at 18% per annum
 payable monthly commencing October 1
 2020
 and (iv) reduce the number
of pledged shares by Mr. Keeler to 4
000
000. As consideration for Kenar&rsquo;s agreement to amend the note
 on May 27
 2020
the Company issued 1
021
266 shares of common stock to Kenar. The outstanding principal amount of the note at December
31
 2020 was $872
500.


    
    


The
amendment to the Kenar Note was analyzed under ASC 470-50 and was determined that it will be accounted for as an extinguishment
of the old debt and the new debt recorded at fair value with the new effective interest rate of 18%. Additionally
 this treatment
resulted in the cost of the modification paid in common stock with a value of $2
655
292 charged to other expense as of the date
of the amendment as a non-cash forbearance fee.

Interest
expense for the Kenar Note totaled approximately $177
700 during the year ended December 31
 2020.

Lobo
Note

On
April 2
 2019
 the Company issued a four-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 (the &ldquo;Lobo
Note&rdquo;) to Lobo Holdings
 LLLP
 a stockholder in the Company (&ldquo;Lobo&rdquo;). The Lobo Note bears interest at the rate
of 18% per annum. The Lobo Note may be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty. John Keeler
 the Company&rsquo;s Executive
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 pledged 1
000
000 shares of common stock of the Company to secure the Company&rsquo;s obligations
under the Lobo Note. The Lobo Note matured on August 2
 2019 and was extended through December 2
 2019 on the same terms and conditions.
On November 15
 2019
 the Company paid off the Lobo Note with the issuance to Lobo of an unsecured promissory note in the principal
amount of $100
000 which bears interest at the rate of 15% and matured on March 31
 2020. On April 1
 2020 the Company paid off
the November 15
 2019 note with the issuance of a six-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
 which
bears interest at the rate of 10% and matured on October 1
 2020. On October 1
 2020
 the Company paid off the April 1
 2020 note
with the issuance of a three-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
 which bears interest at the
rate of 10% and matured on December 31
 2020. On January 1
 2021
 the Company paid off the October 1
 2020 note with the issuance
of a six-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
 which bears interest at the rate of 10% per annum
and matures on June 30
 2021.

Interest
expense for the Lobo Note totaled approximately $11
200 during the year ended December 31
 2020.

Walter
Lubkin Jr. Note &ndash; Subordinated

On
November 26
 2019
 the Company issued a five-year unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 to Walter Lubkin Jr.
as part of the purchase price for the acquisition of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. The note bears and interest rate of 4% per annum.
The note is payable quarterly based on an amount equal to the lesser of (i) $25
000 or (ii) 25% of the EBITDA of Coastal Pride
 as determined
on the first day of each quarter. The first payment was scheduled for February 26
 2020
 however
 the EBITDA generated for Coastal during
the 3 months did not warrant a principal payment. This note is subordinated to the working capital line of credit. Principal payments
are permitted so long as the borrower is not in default of its working capital line of credit. No principal payments were made
by the Company during 2020.

Interest
expense for the Walter Lubkin Jr. note totaled approximately $20
100 during the year ended December 31
 2020.

Walter
Lubkin III Convertible Note &ndash; Subordinated


 2019
 the Company issued a thirty-nine-month
unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $87
842 to Walter Lubkin III as part the purchase price for the Coastal Pride acquisition.
The note bears interest at the rate of 4% per annum. The note is payable in equal quarterly payments over six quarters beginning August
26
 2021. At the election of the holder
 at any time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note
 the then outstanding principal
and accrued interest may be converted into the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a rate of $2.00 per share. This note is subordinated to
the working capital line of credit. Principal payments are permitted so long as the borrower is not in default of its working capital
line of credit. No principal payments were made by the Company during 2020.

Interest
expense for the Walter Lubkin III note totaled approximately $3
500 during the year ended December 31
 2020.


    
    


Tracy
Greco Convertible Note &ndash; Subordinated

On
November 26
 2019
 the Company issued a thirty-nine-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $71
372 to Tracy
Greco as part of the purchase price for the Coastal Pride acquisition. The note bears interest at the rate of 4% per annum. The
note is payable in equal quarterly payments over six quarters beginning August 26
 2021. At the election of the holder
 at any
time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note
 the then outstanding principal and accrued interest may be converted
into the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a rate of $2.00 per share. This note is subordinated to the working capital line of credit.
Principal payments are permitted so long as the borrower is not in default of its working capital line of credit. No principal
payments were made by the Company during 2020.

Interest
expense for the Tracy Greco note totaled approximately $2
800 during the year ended December 31
 2020.

John
Lubkin Convertible Note &ndash; Subordinated


 2019
 the Company issued a
thirty-nine-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $50
786 to John Lubkin as part the Coastal Pride acquisition.
The note bears interest at the rate of 4% per annum. The note is payable in equal quarterly payments over six quarters beginning
August 26
 2021. At the election of the holder
 at any time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note
 the then
outstanding principal and accrued interest may be converted into the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a rate of $2.00 per share.
This note is subordinated to the working capital line of credit. Principal payments are permitted so long as the borrower is not
in default of its working capital line of credit. No principal payments were made by the Company during 2020.

Interest
expense for the John Lubkin note totaled approximately $2
000 during the year ended December 31
 2020.

Payroll
Protection Program Loan

On
April 17
 2020
 the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to US Century Bank in the principal amount of $344
762 related
to the CARES Act Payroll Protection Program (&ldquo;PPP Loan&rdquo;). This note is fully guaranteed by the Small Business Administration
(&ldquo;SBA&rdquo;) and may be forgivable provided that certain criteria are met. The note has a two-year maturity and accrues
interest at 1% per annum. The Company is required to make payments on the remaining principal of the note net of any loan forgiveness
beginning November 17
 2020. In September 2020
 the Company applied for the loan forgiveness by SBA through US Century Bank for
the full amount which was granted in November 2020 and was recognized as other income in the consolidated statement of operations
for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020.

HSBC
Loan

On
May 13
 2020
 the Company through Strike
 its former variable interest entity
 issued a six-year unsecured promissory note to
HSBC Bank plc in the principal amount of $43
788 related to the Bounce Back Loan Scheme
 managed by the British Business Bank.
This note is fully guaranteed by the UK Secretary of State for Business
 Energy and Industrial Strategy and accrues interest at
2.5% per annum. As a result of the deconsolidation of Strike as a VIE during the third quarter of 2020
 the note is no longer
debt of the Company.

Note
7. Business Combination

Merger
with Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC

On
November 26
 2019
 the Company completed its merger with Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. Under the terms of the Agreement and
Plan of Merger and Reorganization
 the Company paid $3.7 million in consideration including approximately $394
600 in cash
 the
issuance of $2.59 million of its common stock
 the issuance of a $500
000 4% unsecured promissory note and $210
000 4% unsecured
convertible promissory notes in exchange for all of the equity of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. The 1
295
000 shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock issued are subject to leak out agreements whereby the shareholders are unable to sell or transfer
the stock for a period of one year and are permitted to transfer or sell up to 25% in each successive six-month period thereafter.


    
    


The
transaction costs associated with this merger were $175
400 in investment banking fees paid via 87
700 shares of the common stock
$110
176 in legal fees paid in $49
535 in cash and 30
321 shares of common stock. The common stock for these transaction costs
were issued subsequent to December 31
 2019.

Fair
Value of Consideration Transferred and Recording of Assets Acquired

The
following table summarizes the acquisition date fair value of the consideration paid
 identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities
assumed including an amount for goodwill:



Consideration
    Paid:
    

    
394
622

Common stock
 1
295
000 shares of BSFC
    common stock
2
590
000

    
500
000

4% Unsecured
 Convertible promissory
    note payable to seller
210
000

    
3
694
622

    
    

Recognized amount
    of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed:
    

    
    

    
133
956

    
1
141
658

    
1
562
973

    
105
000

    
134
254

    
100
640

    
9
713

    
    

    
850
000

    
1
250
000

    
40
000

    
    

    
(816
435

    
(100
640

    
(1
161
892

    
3
249
227

    
445
395

Total net value
    of assets assumed
3
694
622


In
determining the fair value of the common stock issued
 the Company considered the value of the stock as estimated at the time
of closing. Given that the stock was not trading at the time of closing
 the Company utilized its sale of common stock from November
2018 to November
 2019 of approximately $1
000
000 in the aggregate with a valuation of $2.00 shares of common stock.

Inventory
was assessed at the time of closing as to its fair value and it was determined that a step-up analysis was necessary in order
to evaluate the fair value of the inventory at the time of closing. The step up represents the net profit that would be attained
when the inventory is sold. The key assumptions used in this analysis is a gross margin of 11.6% and selling costs of 4.4%
 The
analysis resulted in a necessary step up of $105
000 at the time of closing.

Goodwill
represents the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately
recognized. The goodwill arising from the acquisition is attributable to the value of the potential expanded market opportunity
with new customers. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.


    
    


Pro
Forma Information

The
following is the unaudited pro forma information assuming all business acquisitions occurred on January 1
 2019. For all of the
business acquisitions depreciation and amortization have been included in the calculation of the below pro forma information based
upon the actual acquisition costs.



    
For
                                         the year ended
December
                                         31

                                                                                

    
33
057
338

    
(5
048
290

Basic and Diluted
    Loss per Share
    

Basic and Diluted
    Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding
16
201
766


The
information included in the pro forma amounts is derived from historical information obtained from the sellers of the businesses.
The pro forma amounts above for basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding have been adjusted to include the stock
issued in connection with the acquisition of Coastal Pride.

Note
8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Net

The
following table sets for the changes in the carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s goodwill for the years ended December
31
 2020 and 2019.



    
    
    

Balance
 January 1
445
395
    

Acquisitions
    of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc.
    
445
395

Balance
 December 31
445
395
445
395


The
following table sets for the components of the Company&rsquo;s intangible assets at December 31
 2020:



    
Amortization
    Period (Years)
    
Accumulated
    Amortization
Net
    Book Value

    
    
    
    
    

Intangible Assets Subject
    to amortization
    
    
    
    

    
    
850
000
(61
386
788
614

    
    
1
250
000
(104
169
1
145
831

Non-Compete
    Agreements
    
40
000
(10
829
29
171

    
    
2
140
000
(176
384
1
963
616


The
aggregate amortization remaining on the intangible assets as of December 31
 2020 is as follows:



    
Intangible
    Amortization

    
162
816

    
162
816

    
161
999

    
152
820

    
152
820

    
1
170
345



    
    


Note
9. Stockholders Equity

Preferred
Stock

Our
Board of Directors has designated 10
000 shares of preferred stock as &ldquo;8% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock&rdquo;.

The
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (&ldquo;Series A Stock&rdquo;) has no maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or
redemption and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless and until converted by the holder or the Company redeems or otherwise
repurchases the Series A Stock.

Dividends.

price of $1
000.00 per share
 commencing on the date of issuance. Dividends are payable quarterly
 when and if declared by the
Board
 beginning on September 30
 2018 (each a &ldquo;Dividend Payment Date&rdquo;) and are payable in shares of Common Stock
(a &ldquo;PIK Dividend&rdquo;) with such shares being valued at the daily volume weighted average price (&ldquo;VWAP&rdquo;) of
the Common Stock for the thirty trading days immediately prior to each Dividend Payment Date or if not traded or quoted as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Company. Any fractional shares of a PIK Dividend will be rounded to
the nearest one-hundredth of a share. All shares of Common Stock issued in payment of a PIK Dividend will be duly authorized
validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable. Dividends will accumulate whether or not the Company has earnings
 there are funds
legally available for the payment of those dividends and whether or not those dividends are declared by the Board.


    
    


Dividends
of common stock were authorized for issuance to the stockholders in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation
for the Series A Stock on March 31
 2020
 June 30
 2020
 September 29
 2020
 and December 31
 2020. The dividends resulted in
the issuance of an aggregate of 52
286 shares of common stock with a value of $113
040. On March 31
 2021
 the Company issued
11
975 shares of common stock to Series A preferred stockholders as a common stock dividend for the quarter ended March 31
 2021.

Conversion.

 into shares of common stock
at a conversion rate of 500 shares of common stock for each share of Series A Stock (the &ldquo;Conversion Rate&rdquo;) The Company
analyzed the embedded conversion option for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815-15 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging&rdquo;
and determined that the conversion option should be classified as equity.

Common
Stock

The
Company is authorized to issue 100
000
000 shares of common stock at a par value of $.0001 and had 19
580
721 and 17
589
705 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

On
January 29
 2019
 the Company&rsquo;s board of directors approved a private placement memorandum offering up to $300
000 or 150
000
shares of common stock at $2.00 per share.

On
May 16
 2019
 the Company issued 5
500 shares valued at $2.00 per share for a total value of $11
000 to certain employees as an
incentive bonus.

On
November 26
 2019
 the Company issued 1
295
000 shares
 valued at $2.00 per share for a total value of $2
590
000 in connection
with the acquisition of Coastal Pride.

Dividends
of common stock were authorized for issuance to the Series A preferred stockholders in accordance with the terms of the Certificate
of Designation for the Series A Stock on March 31
 2019
 June 30
 2019
 September 20
 2019 and December 31
 2019. The dividends
resulted in the issuances of an aggregate of 56
520 shares of common stock with a value of $113
041 during 2019.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company issued 11
000 shares of common stock at $2.00 per share in a private placement offering.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company issued 22
500 shares of common stock valued at $45
000 for legal and consulting
fees. Additionally
 the Company authorized an aggregate of 176
021 shares with a value of $352
042 for legal and consulting fees
that were issued subsequent to December 31
 2019.

On
May 27
 2020
 the Company issued 5
000 shares of common stock at $2.00 per share in a private placement offering.

On
May 27
 2020
 the Company issued 1
021
266 shares of common stock to Kenar at $2.60 per share as a forbearance fee.in connection
with Kenar&rsquo;s agreement to amend its outstanding promissory note.

On
December 30
 2020
 the Company issued 796
650 shares of common stock to John Keeler&rsquo;s designee as partial payment of
outstanding notes payable totaling to $1
593
300.

Dividends
of common stock were issued to the Series A preferred stockholders in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation
for the Series A Stock on March 31
 2020
 June 30
 2020
 September 29
 2020 and December 31
 2020. The dividends resulted in the
issuances of an aggregate of 52
286 shares of common stock with a value of $113
040 during 2020.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company issued 115
814 shares of common stock valued at $189
000 for legal and consulting
fees.


    
    


Note
10. Options

During
the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 approximately $139
380 and $2
251
300
 respectively
 in compensation
expense was recognized on the following:



    
Ten-year
    options to purchase 3
120
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest one year from the date of grant
    were issued to Christopher Constable
 the Company&rsquo;s former Chief Financial Officer
 under the 2018 Plan during the twelve
    months ended December 31
 2018 and have vested during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. 

    
Ten-year
    options to purchase 430
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest as to 25% of the shares subject
    to the option each year from the date of grant
 were issued to various long-term employees under the 2018 Plan during the
    twelve months ended December 31
 2019.

    
Ten-year
    options to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest as to 20% of the shares subject
    to the option each year from the date of grant
 were issued to Zoty Ponce under the 2018 Plan during the twelve months ended
    December 31
 2019.

    
Ten-year
    options to purchase 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest as to 25% of the shares subject
    to the option each year from the date of grant
 were issued to various contractors during the twelve months ended December
    31
 2019.


The
following table summarizes the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the stock options granted for the twelve months
ended December 31
 2019 since no options were granted for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020:



    
    

    
39%
                                         &ndash; 48

    
2.62%
                                         &ndash;2.71

    
6.25
                                         &ndash; 10.0


Under
the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 the fair value of the 705
000 options granted during the twelve months ended December
31
 2019 was estimated at $613
586 on the date of grant. For the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the unrecognized
portion of the expense remaining outstanding was $327
852 and $467
232
 respectively. The weighted average period of unrecognized
stock options compensation that is expected to be recognized as expense is approximately 7 years. During the twelve months
ended December 31
 2019
 an aggregate of 15
000 shares subject to options were forfeited
 none of which shares were vested
 which
resulted in a reversal of the expense of $2
263.


    
    


The
following table represents option activity for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019:



    
Number
    of Options
Weighted
    Average Exercise Price
Weighted
    Average Remaining Contractual Life in Years
Aggregate
    Intrinsic Value

Outstanding - December
    31
 2018
6
240
000
    
    
    

Exercisable - December 31
 2018
3
120
000
    
    
5
210
400

    
705
000
    
    
    

    
(3
135
000
    
    
    

    
3
120
000
    
    
    

Outstanding - December 31
 2019
3
810
000
    
    
    

Exercisable - December 31
 2019
3
120
000
    
    
984
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
3
280
000
    
    
    

Outstanding - December 31
 2020
3
810
000
    
    
    

Exercisable - December 31
 2020
3
280
000
    
    
721
600


The
non-vested options outstanding are 530
000 and 690
000 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Note
11. Warrants

During
the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company did not have any warrant activity.


    
    


Note
12. Income taxes

Allocation
of federal and state income taxes between current and deferred portions is as follows:



Components
    of Tax Expense
December
    31
 2020
December
    31
 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
122
4
413

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
122
4
413


Federal
income tax expense differs from the statutory federal rates of 21% for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 due to the following:



Rate
    Reconciliation
December
    31
 2020
    
December
    31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    

Provision/(Benefit) at Statutory
    Rate
(931
861
    
(1
054
558
    

State Tax Provision/(Benefit) net of
    federal benefit
(169
277
    
(179
449
    

    
1
283
    
14
603
    

    
992
311
    
1
222
042
    

    
108
667
    
1
775
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
122
    
4
413
    


The
components of the net deferred tax asset at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 are as follows:



    
December
    31
 2020
December
    31
 2019

    
    
    

    
26
923
90
539

    
31
830
27
754

Charitable Contribution
    Carryforward
    
    

    
70
173
18
287

    
17
761
    

Business Interest
    Limitation
637
897
417
904

    
684
800
661
359

Federal Net Operating
    loss
879
150
254
079

State
    Net Operating Loss
156
004
42
814

Total Deferred Tax
    Assets
2
504
807
1
512
495

Net
    Deferred Tax Asset/(Liability)
2
504
807
1
512
495

    
(2
504
807
(1
512
495

Net Deferred
    Tax Asset/(Liability)
    
    



    
    


Tax
periods for all fiscal years after 2017 remain open to examination by the federal and state taxing jurisdictions to which
the Company is subject. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company has federal net operating loss of $4
186
428 to carry forward indefinitely.

ASC
740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo; requires that a valuation allowance be established when it is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo;
that all
 or a portion of
 deferred tax assets will not be recognized. A review of all available positive and negative evidence
needs to be considered
 including the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income
 and tax
planning strategies. After consideration of all the information available
 management believes that uncertainty exists with respect
to future realization of its deferred tax assets and has
 therefore
 established a full valuation allowance as of December 31
2020.

As
of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company has evaluated and concluded that there were no material uncertain tax positions requiring
recognition in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements. The Company&rsquo;s policy is to classify assessments
 if any
 for tax
related interest as income tax expenses. No interest or penalties were recorded during the years ended December 31
 2020
 and
2019.

Note
13. Commitment and Contingencies

Office
lease

The
Company leased its Miami office and warehouse facility from JK Real Estate
 a related party through common family beneficial ownership
(see Note 2). The lease which had a 20-year term
 expiring in July 2021 was terminated on December 31
 2020
 upon the sale of
the facility. The Company was a guarantor of the mortgage on the facility which had a zero balance at December 31
 2020. Therefore
the Company did not record any liability related to the mortgage in the consolidated financial statements as the Company will
not be called upon to perform under any guarantee
 in accordance with ASC 460
 

The
Company leases approximately 3
000 square feet in Beaufort South Carolina for the offices of Coastal Pride. This office space
consists of two leases with related parties with approximately four years remaining on the leases.

See
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements under ASC 842 Leases regarding the disclosure of the future period amortizations of
the Right of Use assets.

Rental
and equipment lease expenses were approximately $239
600 and $237
400 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



The
Company has reached a settlement agreement with a former employee. Although the agreement is not finalized the Company has reserved
for the entire amount of the settlement.

Note
14. COVID-19 Pandemic

On
March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization declared that the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) had become a pandemic
 and on March
13
 2020
 the U.S. President declared a National Emergency concerning the disease. Additionally
 in March 2020
 state governments
in the Company&rsquo;s geographic operating area began instituting preventative shut down measures in order to combat the novel
coronavirus pandemic. The coronavirus and actions taken to mitigate the spread of it have had and are expected to continue to
have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of the geographical areas in which the Company operates. On March
27
 2020
 the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) was enacted to amongst other provisions
 provide
emergency assistance for individuals
 families and businesses affected by the novel coronavirus pandemic for 2020 and into
2021. The Company&rsquo;s business not being deemed essential resulted in decreased financial performance that may not be
indicative of future financial results. Government-mandated closures of businesses and shipping delays have affected our sales
and inventory purchases. The Company continues to face uncertainty and increased risks concerning its employees
 customers
supply chain and government regulation. In April 2021
 the U.S. government has made available the COVID-19 vaccine to most
of its population to aid with the pandemic but the long-term effects of this development are yet to be seen. The Company&rsquo;s
 sales and supply may continue to be adversely affected due to COVID-19 and plans continue to be developed to ensure a prompt
response is given to address the effects of the pandemic.


    
    


Note
15. Employee Benefit Plan

The
Company provides and sponsors a 401(k) plan for its employees. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 no contributions
were made to the plan by the Company.

Note
16. Subsequent Events

Common
Stock

The
Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of 83
721 shares for quarterly legal and consulting fees to be issued subsequently
to December 31
 2020.

On
February 8
 2021
 the Company issued 25
000 shares to an investment relations firm as compensation under an investor relations
consulting agreement.

On
March 30
 2021
 the Company issued 10
465 shares of common stock to the designee of a law firm for services provided to the Company.

On
March 31
 2021
 the Company issued 5
000 shares to an investor relations firm for services provided to the Company under an investor
relations consulting agreement.

Paycheck
Protection Program Loan


On
March 2
 2021
 the Company received proceeds of $371
944 and issued an unsecured promissory note to US Century in the principal
amount of $371
944 in connection with a PPP Loan. The note accrues interest at 1.0% per annum
 matures five years from the date
of issuance and is fully guaranteed by the SBA and may be forgiven provided certain criteria are met. The Company may apply for
forgiveness after August 17
 2021 and may be required to make monthly payments of approximately $8
500 beginning June 2
 2022.

Board
of Directors

On
March 29
 2021
 the board of directors increased the size of the Company&rsquo;s Board from two to five members and appointed
Jeffrey J. Guzy
 Timothy McLellan and Trond Ringstad as directors
 effective April 12
 2021
 to fill the vacancies created by
such increase.

In
connection with such appointments
 the Company entered into one-year director service agreements with each of Messrs. Guzy
 McLellan
and Ringstad and with each of the two current Board members
 Nubar Herian and John Keeler which automatically renew for successive
one-year terms.

In
consideration for their services
 each director will be issued $25
000 of shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock for each
year&rsquo;s service and on April 12
 2021
 the Company granted each director an option to purchase 100
000 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of $2.00 per share
 which option vests in equal monthly installments over the course of the applicable year
and will expire three years from the date they are fully vested.

Lighthouse
Credit Facility

On
March 31
 2021
 Keeler &amp; Co. and Coastal Pride entered into a loan and security agreement (&ldquo;Loan Agreement&rdquo;) with
Lighthouse pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement
 Lighthouse made available to Keeler &amp; Co. and Coastal Pride (together
the &ldquo;Borrowers&rdquo;) a $5
000
000 revolving line of credit for a term of thirty-six months
 renewable annually for one-year
periods thereafter. Amounts due under the line of credit are represented by a revolving credit note issued to Lighthouse by the
Borrowers.

The
advance rate of the revolving line of credit is 85% with respect to eligible accounts receivable and the lower of 60% of the Borrowers&rsquo;
eligible inventory
 or 80% of the net orderly liquidation value
 subject to an inventory sublimit of $2
500
000. The inventory
portion of the loan will never exceed 50% of the outstanding balance. Interest on the line of credit is the prime rate (with a
floor of 3.25%)
 plus 3.75%. The Borrowers paid Lighthouse a facility fee of $50
000 and will pay an additional facility fee of
$25
000 on each anniversary of March 31
 2021.

The
line of credit is secured by a first priority security interest on all the assets of each Borrower. Pursuant to the terms of a
guaranty agreement
 the Company guaranteed the obligations of the Borrowers under the note and John Keeler
 Executive Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 provided a personal guaranty of up to $1
000
000 to Lighthouse.

The
Borrowers utilized $784
450 borrowed from Lighthouse to repay all the outstanding indebtedness owed to the ACF as of March 31
2021. As a result
 all obligations owed to ACF were satisfied and the loan agreement with ACF was terminated.


    
    


ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE



ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer
 as of December 31
 2020
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined
under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. Based on this evaluation
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that
 based on the material weaknesses discussed
below
 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act were recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and that our disclosure controls are not effectively designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 or persons
performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by
or under the supervision of
 our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors
management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    our assets;

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that our receipts and expenditures are being
    made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and board of directors; and

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets
    that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems
no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of
internal control
 there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control
over financial reporting. However
 these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore
it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
 though not eliminate
 this risk.

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 existing as of December 31
 2020
 based
on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control&mdash;Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) and SEC guidance on
conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation
 we believe that
 during the period covered by this Report
 such internal
controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of GAAP rules as more fully described below.
This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely
affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses.


    
    


As
a result of the foregoing
 the matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material
weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were:



    
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s lack of an audit committee with a financial expert and thus the Company lacks the board oversight role within
    the financial reporting process; 

    
    
    

    
    
Inadequate
    segregation of duties consistent with control objectives
 including lack of personnel resources and technical accounting expertise
    within the accounting function of the Company.


Management
believes that the material weaknesses that were identified did not have an effect on our financial results. However
 management
believes that these weaknesses
 if not properly remediated
 could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements
in future periods.

Management&rsquo;s
Remediation Initiatives

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls
 we plan to
further initiate the following measures
 subject to the availability of required resources:



    
    
We
    plan to establish an audit committee
 including an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; as defined by applicable
    SEC rules
 that has the requisite financial sophistication as defined under the applicable NASDAQ rules and regulations; 

    
    
    

    
    
We
    plan to create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and hire personnel resources with technical
    accounting expertise within the accounting function; and 

    
    
    

    
    
We
    plan to hire a chief financial officer as currently the Company&rsquo;s chief executive officer fills the role of the Company&rsquo;s
    principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Until such time
 our corporate controller with significant experience
    in the preparation of the financial statements in conformity with GAAP and technical accounting expertise assists in the preparation
    of our financial statements.


Going
forward
 we intend to evaluate our processes and procedures and
 where practicable and resources permit
 implement changes in
order to have more effective controls over financial reporting.

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the SEC that exempt smaller reporting companies from this requirement.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth quarter that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION




    
    


PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors
and Executive Officers

Below
are the names of and certain information regarding the Company&rsquo;s current executive officers and directors:



    
    
    
Date
    Appointed

    
    
    
    

    
    
Executive Chairman and Chairman
    of the Board
November 8
 2018

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
November 8
 2018

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
April 12
 2021

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
April 12
 2021

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
April 12
 2021


Our
directors hold office for three-year terms and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Our officers are elected
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors.

A
majority of the authorized number of directors constitutes a quorum of our board of directors for the transaction of business.
The directors must be present at the meeting to constitute a quorum. However
 any action required or permitted to be taken by
the board of directors may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board of directors individually or collectively consent
in writing to the action.

Our
board of directors currently consists of five members. Executive officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at
its pleasure.

The
principal occupation and business experience during the past five years for our executive officer and directors is as follows:

John
 has been Executive Chairman of the Board since the effectiveness of the Merger. Mr. Keeler founded John Keeler&nbsp;&amp;
Co.
 d/b/a Blue Star Foods in May 1995 and served as its Executive Chairman of the Board since inception during which time he
grew the company to become one of the leading marketers of imported blue swimming crab meat in the United States. Mr. Keeler built
sales over the past 20 years to $35+ million annually through 2017. Mr. Keeler oversees procurement as well as operating facilities
in the Philippines and Indonesia. Mr. Keeler is an executive committee member of the National Fisheries Institute-Crab Council
and a founding member of the Indonesia and Philippines crab meat processors associations. Mr. Keeler received his BS in Economics
from Rutgers University in 1995 and attended Harvard Business School executive programs in supply chain management
 negotiations
and marketing in 2005. Mr. Keeler&rsquo;s extensive experience in the industry led to the decision to appoint him to the board
of directors.

Nubar
 has been a director since the effectiveness of the Merger. Since 2014
 Mr. Herian has been the chief executive
officer of Monaco Group Holdings
 a privately-held company headquartered in Miami
 Florida
 which owns and operates Monaco Foods
Inc.
 an importer
 exporter and distributor of premium gourmet foods from around the world. Since 1995
 Mr. Herian has been the
commercial director of Casa de Fruta Caracas
 a privately-held company based in Caracas
 Venezuela
 that focuses on importing
foods. Mr. Herian is also the president of Lunar Enterprises
 Corp. (&ldquo;Lunar&rdquo;)
 a holding company for his family&rsquo;s
public and private equity investments and real estate holdings. Mr. Herian received his BS in Mechanical Engineering from Florida
Atlantic University in 1994 and an Executive M.B.A. from the University of Miami in 2014. Mr. Herian&rsquo;s experience in the
food import industry led to the decision to appoint him to the board of directors.

Jeffrey
 has served as a director of Leatt Corp. (OTC: LEAT)
 since April 2007 and from October 2007 to August 2010
 as
its President. Mr. Guzy has served as an independent director and chairman of the audit committee of Capstone Companies
 Inc.
(OTC: CAPC)
 a public holding company
 since April 2007
 as an independent director and chairman of the audit committee of Purebase
Corporation (OTC: PUBC)
 a diversified resource company
 since April 2020 and as Chairman of CoJax Oil and Gas Corporation
 an
early stage oil and gas exploration and production company
 since May 2018
 and was appointed as its chief executive officer in
January 2020. Mr. Guzy has served as an executive manager or consultant for business development
 sales
 customer service
 and
management in the telecommunications industry
 specifically
 with IBM Corp.
 Sprint International
 Bell Atlantic Video Services
Loral CyberStar
 and FaciliCom International. Mr. Guzy has also started his own telecommunications company providing Internet
services in Western Africa. Mr. Guzy has an MBA in Strategic Planning and Management from The Wharton School of the University
of Pennsylvania
 an M.S. in Systems Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania
 a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Penn
State University
 and a Certificate in Theology from Georgetown University. Mr. Guzy&rsquo;s extensive public company board experience
led to the decision to appoint him to the board of directors.


    
    


Timothy
McLellan
McLellan is currently managing director of Maijialin Consulting Company Ltd. which provides international business development
consulting services specific to import/export cold chain supply logistics and foodservice distribution. Prior thereto from April
2009 until February 2019
 Mr. McLellan was managing director
 business development for Preferred Freezer Services (Shanghai)
Co. Ltd
 which is owned by the GLP Group
 a Singapore-based logistics and industrial infrastructure provider. Between 2019 and
2020
 Mr. McLellan served as a private equity operating partner for CITIC Capital Partners (Shanghai) Ltd. Prior to that
 from
2009 through 2019
 Mr. McLellan served in various executive capacities
 including Chairman for SinotransPFS Cold Chain Logistics
Company
 Ltd.
 a logistics company. Between 2004 and 2009
 Mr. McLellan served as President of Empress International
 a division
of Thai Union Group). Between 2003 and 2004
 he served in a senior manager position with the seafood division of ConAgra Foods.
Mr. McLellan&rsquo;s knowledge and background with regard to seafood operations management led to the decision to appoint him
to the board of directors.

Trond
 has more than 20 years of operating experience as a seafood executive in both the U.S. and Europe. Since April
2017
 Mr. Ringstad has been managing partner of American Sea
 LLC
 a seafood processing and sales company
 and since October
2013
 Mr. Ringstad has been an independent consultant for AGR Partners. Between 2003 and 2007
 he served as president of Pacific
Supreme Seafoods
 a global importing and wholesaling seafood company. Between 2001 and 2003
 he served as vice president of sales
and marketing for Royal Supreme Seafoods
 a Norwegian / Chinese seafood importer and sales company. Mr. Ringstad graduated from
the BI Norwegian Business School with a Degree in International Marketing and has a BA in Business Management from Washington
State University. Mr. Ringstad&rsquo;s knowledge and background with regard to seafood operations management led to the decision
to appoint him to the board of directors.

Family
Relationship

There
are no family relationships between our directors or executive officer.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

No
executive officer or director has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following:



    
    
Any
    bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business or property of such person
 or of which such person was a general partner
    or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
    minor offenses);

    
    
    

    
    
Being
    subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
    permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities
    or banking activities;

    
    
    

    
    
Being
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
    violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated;

    
    
    

    
    
Being
    the subject of or a party to any judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree or finding
 not subsequently reversed
    suspended or vacated relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation
    or any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies
 including
 but not limited to
 a temporary
    or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist
    order
 or removal or prohibition order
 or any law or regulation prohibiting mail
 fraud
 wire fraud or fraud in connection
    with any business entity; or

    
    
    

    
    
Being
    the subject of or a party to any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory
    organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act
 any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
    the Commodity Exchange Act)
 or any equivalent exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
    over its members or persons associated with a member.



    
    


Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors
 and persons who beneficially own more
than 10% percent of our equity securities (&ldquo;Reporting Persons&rdquo;) to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership
with the SEC. Based solely on our review of copies of such reports and representations from the Reporting Persons
 we believe
that during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 the Reporting Persons timely filed all such reports
 except that Nubar Herian
a director
 failed to timely file Form 4s reporting an aggregate of 49
670 shares issued as common stock dividends on the
Series A Stock to a company controlled by Mr. Herian.

Code
of Ethics

We
intend to adopt a code of ethics that applies to our officers
 directors and employees
 including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer
 but have not done so to date due to our relatively small size.

Board
Committees

The
Company has no nominating
 audit or compensation committees at this time. The entire board of directors participates in the nomination
and audit oversight processes and considers executive and director compensation. The entire board of directors is involved in
such decision-making processes. Thus
 there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority
to determine issues concerning management compensation
 nominations
 and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We
are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors.

Role
of Board in Risk Oversight Process

Risk
assessment and oversight are an integral part of our governance and management processes. Our board of directors encourages management
to promote a culture that incorporates risk management into our corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations. Management
discusses strategic and operational risks at regular management meetings and conducts strategic planning and review sessions during
the year that include a discussion and analysis of the risks facing us.

Board
Diversity

The
board of directors&rsquo; reviews
 on an annual basis
 the appropriate characteristics
 skills and experience required for the
board of directors as a whole and its individual members. In evaluating the suitability of individual candidates (both new candidates
and current members)
 the board of directors
 in approving (and
 in the case of vacancies
 appointing) such candidates
 will take
into account many factors
 including the following:



    
    
personal
    and professional integrity;

    
    
    

    
    
ethics
    and values;

    
    
    

    
    
experience
    in the industries in which we compete;

    
    
    

    
    
experience
    as a director or executive officer of another publicly held company;

    
    
    

    
    
diversity
    of expertise and experience in substantive matters pertaining to our business relative to other board members;

    
    
    

    
    
conflicts
    of interest; and

    
    
    

    
    
practical
    business judgment.



    
    


Shareholder
Communications

We
have not yet established a process for shareholder communications.

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION

The
table below sets forth certain information about the compensation awarded to
 earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer.
No other executive officer received annual remuneration in excess of $100
000 during 2020 (each a &ldquo;Named Executive Officer&rdquo;).

Summary
Compensation Table



Name
    and Principal Position
Fiscal
    Year
Salary
    ($)
Bonus
    ($)
Other
    Annual Compensation 
Total
    ($)

    
    
82
805
    
22
169
104
974

Chief Executive Officer and Executive
    Chairman of the Board
    
104
595
    
48
266
152
861




    
    
Represents
    health insurance premiums paid on behalf of the executive officer by the Company.


Our
executive officer has basic health benefits that are generally available to all of our employees.

We
offer a 401(k) plan to eligible employees
 including our executive officer. In accordance with this plan
 all eligible employees
may contribute a percentage of compensation up to a maximum of the statutory limits per year. We intend for the 401(k) plan to
qualify
 depending on the employee&rsquo;s election
 under Section 401(a) of the Code
 so that contributions by employees
 and
income earned on those contributions
 are not taxable to employees until withdrawn from the 401(k) plan.

Outstanding
Equity Awards

There
were no equity awards made to the Named Executive Officer outstanding as of December 31
 2020.

2018
Equity Incentive Plan

We
have adopted the 2018 Plan that provides for the grant of up to 7
500
000 shares of common stock. Under the 2018 Plan
 we are
authorized to issue incentive stock options intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Code and non-qualified stock options.
The 2018 Plan is administered by our board of directors. In connection with the Merger
 we issued options to purchase an aggregate
of 6
240
000 million shares of common stock to certain executive officers and directors (3
120
000 of which were subsequently
forfeited unexercised).

Share
Reserve
500
000 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan pursuant to a variety of stock-based
compensation awards
 including stock options
 stock appreciation rights (&ldquo;SARs&rdquo;)
 restricted stock awards
 restricted
stock unit awards
 deferred stock awards
 dividend equivalent awards
 stock payment awards
 performance awards and other stock-based
awards.

&#9679;
to the extent that an award terminates
 expires or lapses for any reason or an award is settled in cash without the delivery of
shares
 any shares subject to the award at such time will be available for future grants under the 2018 Plan;


    
    


&#9679;
to the extent shares are tendered or withheld to satisfy the grant
 exercise price or tax withholding obligation with respect
to any award under the 2018 Plan
 such tendered or withheld shares will be available for future grants under the 2018 Plan;

&#9679;
to the extent that shares of common stock are repurchased by us prior to vesting so that shares are returned to us
 such shares
will be available for future grants under the 2018 Plan;

&#9679;
the payment of dividend equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding awards will not be counted against the shares
available for issuance under the 2018 Plan; and

&#9679;
to the extent permitted by applicable law or any exchange rule
 shares issued in assumption of
 or in substitution for
 any outstanding
awards of any entity acquired in any form of combination by us or any of our subsidiaries will not be counted against the shares
available for issuance under the 2018 Plan.

Administration.

The compensation committee must consist of at least three members of our board of directors
 each of whom is intended to qualify
as an &ldquo;outside director
&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code
 a &ldquo;non-employee director&rdquo;
for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; within the meaning of the NASDAQ rules.
The 2018 Plan provides that the board of directors or compensation committee may delegate its authority to grant awards to employees
other than executive officers to a committee consisting of one or more members of our board of directors or one or more of our
officers
 other than awards made to our non-employee directors
 which must be approved by our full board of directors.

Subject
to the terms and conditions of the 2018 Plan
 the administrator has the authority to select the persons to whom awards are to
be made
 to determine the number of shares to be subject to awards and the terms and conditions of awards
 and to make all other
determinations and to take all other actions necessary or advisable for the administration of the 2018 Plan. The administrator
is also authorized to adopt
 amend or rescind rules relating to administration of the 2018 Plan. Our board of directors may at
any time remove the compensation committee as the administrator and revest in itself the authority to administer the 2018 Plan.
The full board of directors will administer the 2018 Plan with respect to awards to non-employee directors.

Eligibility.

 SARs
 restricted stock and all other stock-based and cash-based awards under the 2018 Plan may be granted to individuals
who are then our officers
 employees or consultants or are the officers
 employees or consultants of subsidiaries. Such awards
also may be granted to our directors. Only employees of the Company or certain subsidiaries may be granted ISOs.

Awards.

 SARs
 restricted stock awards
 restricted
stock unit awards
 deferred stock awards
 deferred stock unit awards
 dividend equivalent awards
 performance awards
 stock payment
awards and other stock-based and cash-based awards
 or any combination thereof. Each award will be set forth in a separate agreement
with the person receiving the award and will indicate the type
 terms and conditions of the award.

Nonstatutory
Stock Options (&ldquo;NSOs&rdquo;).
that may not be less than the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant
 and usually will become exercisable
(at the discretion of the administrator) in one or more installments after the grant date
 subject to the participant&rsquo;s
continued employment or service with us and/or subject to the satisfaction of corporate performance targets and individual performance
targets established by the administrator. NSOs may be granted for any term specified by the administrator that does not exceed
10 years.

Incentive
Stock Options (&ldquo;ISOs&rdquo;).
of the Code and will be subject to specified restrictions contained in the Code. Among such restrictions
 ISOs must have an exercise
price of not less than the fair market value of a share of our Common Stock on the date of grant
 may only be granted to employees
and must not be exercisable after a period of 10 years measured from the date of grant. In the case of an ISO granted to an individual
who owns (or is deemed to own) at least 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our capital stock
 the 2018 Plan
provides that the exercise price must be at least 110% of the fair market value of a share of our Common Stock on the date of
grant and the ISO must not be exercisable after a period of five years measured from the date of grant.


    
    


Restricted
Stock Awards. 
be determined by the administrator. Restricted stock
 typically
 may be forfeited for no consideration or repurchased by us at
the original purchase price if the conditions or restrictions on vesting are not met. In general
 restricted stock may not be
sold or otherwise transferred until restrictions are removed or expire. Purchasers of restricted stock
 unlike recipients of options
will have voting rights and will have the right to receive dividends
 if any
 prior to the time when the restrictions lapse; however
extraordinary dividends will generally be placed in escrow
 and will not be released until restrictions are removed or expire.

Restricted
Stock Unit Awards (&ldquo;RSU&rdquo;).
 typically without
payment of consideration
 but subject to vesting conditions based on continued employment or service or on performance criteria
established by the administrator. Like restricted stock
 restricted stock units may not be sold
 or otherwise transferred or hypothecated
until vesting conditions are removed or expire. Unlike restricted stock
 stock underlying restricted stock units will not be issued
until the restricted stock units have vested
 and recipients of restricted stock units generally will have no voting or dividend
rights prior to the time when vesting conditions are satisfied.

Deferred
Stock Awards.
may not be sold or otherwise hypothecated or transferred until issued. Deferred stock will not be issued until the deferred stock
award has vested
 and recipients of deferred stock generally will have no voting or dividend rights prior to the time when the
vesting conditions are satisfied and the shares are issued. Deferred stock awards generally will be forfeited
 and the underlying
shares of deferred stock will not be issued
 if the applicable vesting conditions and other restrictions are not met.

Deferred
Stock Units.
schedule or performance criteria set by the administrator. The common stock underlying deferred stock units will not be issued
until the deferred stock units have vested
 and recipients of deferred stock units generally will have no voting rights prior
to the time when vesting conditions are satisfied.

Stock
Appreciation Rights (&ldquo;SARs&rdquo;).
 or separately.
SARs granted in connection with stock options or other awards typically will provide for payments to the holder based upon increases
in the price of our Common Stock over a set exercise price. The exercise price of any SAR granted under the 2018 Plan must be
at least 100% of the fair market value of a share of our Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as required by Section 162(m)
of the Code with respect to a SAR intended to qualify as performance-based compensation as described in Section 162(m) of the
Code
 there are no restrictions specified in the 2018 Plan on the exercise of SARs or the amount of gain realizable therefrom
although restrictions may be imposed by the administrator in the SAR agreements. SARs under the 2018 Plan will be settled in cash
or shares of common stock
 or in a combination of both
 at the election of the administrator.

Dividend
Equivalent Awards.
 if any
 per share paid by us
 calculated
with reference to the number of shares covered by the award. Dividend equivalents may be settled in cash or shares and at such
times as determined by our compensation committee or board of directors
 as applicable.

Performance
Awards. 
 these awards will
be based upon specific performance targets and may be paid in cash or in common stock or in a combination of both. Performance
awards may include &ldquo;phantom&rdquo; stock awards that provide for payments based upon the value of our Common Stock. Performance
awards may also include bonuses that may be granted by the administrator on an individual or group basis and that may be payable
in cash or in common stock or in a combination of both.

Stock
Payment Awards.
right to purchase common stock as part of a deferred compensation or other arrangement in lieu of all or any part of compensation
including bonuses
 that would otherwise be payable in cash to the employee
 consultant or non-employee director.


    
    


Change
in Control
consummation of such transaction
 awards issued under the 2018 Plan will be subject to accelerated vesting such that 100% of such
awards will become vested and exercisable or payable
 as applicable. Performance awards will vest in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the applicable award agreement. In the event that
 within the 12 month period immediately following a change
in control
 a participant&rsquo;s services with us are terminated by us other than for cause (as defined in the 2018 Plan) or
by such participant for good reason (as defined in the 2018 Plan)
 then the vesting and
 if applicable
 exercisability of 100%
of the then-unvested shares subject to the outstanding equity awards held by such participant under the 2018 Plan will accelerate
effective as of the date of such termination. The administrator may also make appropriate adjustments to awards under the 2018
Plan and is authorized to provide for the acceleration
 cash-out
 termination
 assumption
 substitution or conversion of such
awards in the event of a change in control or certain other unusual or nonrecurring events or transactions. Under the 2018 Plan
a change in control is generally defined as:

&#9679;
the transfer or exchange in a single transaction or series of related transactions by our stockholders of more than 50% of our
voting stock to a person or group;

&#9679;
a change in the composition of our board of directors over a two-year period such that the members of the board of directors who
were approved by at least two-thirds of the directors who were directors at the beginning of the two-year period or whose election
or nomination was so approved cease to constitute a majority of the board of directors;

&#9679;
a merger
 consolidation
 reorganization or business combination in which we are involved
 directly or indirectly
 other than a
merger
 consolidation
 reorganization or business combination that results in our outstanding voting securities immediately before
the transaction continuing to represent a majority of the voting power of the acquiring company&rsquo;s outstanding voting securities
and after which no person or group beneficially owns 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving entity
immediately after the transaction; or

&#9679;
stockholder approval of our liquidation or dissolution.

Adjustments
of Awards
 stock split
 spin-off
 recapitalization
 distribution of our assets to stockholders
(other than normal cash dividends) or any other corporate event affecting the number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock
or the share price of our Common Stock other than an &ldquo;equity restructuring&rdquo; (as defined below)
 the administrator
may make appropriate
 proportionate adjustments to reflect the event giving rise to the need for such adjustments
 with respect
to:

&#9679;
the aggregate number and type of shares subject to the 2018 Plan;

&#9679;
the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding awards and terms and conditions of outstanding awards (including
 without
limitation
 any applicable performance targets or criteria with respect to such awards); and

&#9679;
the grant or exercise price per share of any outstanding awards under the 2018 Plan.

In
the event of one of the adjustments described above or other corporate transactions
 in order to prevent dilution or enlargement
of the potential benefits intended to be made available under the 2018 Plan
 the administrator has the discretion to make such
equitable adjustments and may also:

&#9679;
provide for the termination or replacement of an award in exchange for cash or other property;

&#9679;
provide that any outstanding award cannot vest
 be exercised or become payable after such event;

&#9679;
provide that awards may be exercisable
 payable or fully vested as to shares of common stock covered thereby; or

&#9679;
provide that an award under the 2018 Plan cannot vest
 be exercised or become payable after such event.


    
    


In
the event of an equity restructuring
 the administrator will make appropriate
 proportionate adjustments to the number and type
of securities subject to each outstanding award and the exercise price or grant price thereof
 if applicable. In addition
 the
administrator will make equitable adjustments
 as the administrator in its discretion may deem appropriate to reflect such equity
restructuring
 with respect to the aggregate number and type of shares subject to the 2018 Plan. The adjustments upon an equity
restructuring are nondiscretionary and will be final and binding on the affected holders and the Company.

For
purposes of the 2018 Plan
 &ldquo;equity restructuring&rdquo; means a nonreciprocal transaction between us and our stockholders
such as a stock dividend
 stock split
 spin-off
 rights offering or recapitalization through a large
 nonrecurring cash dividend
that affects the number or kind of shares (or other securities) or the share price of our Common Stock (or other securities) and
causes a change in the per share value of the common stock underlying outstanding stock-based awards granted under the 2018 Plan.
In the event of a stock split in connection with an offering
 the administrator will proportionately adjust (i) the number of
shares subject to any outstanding award under the 2018 Plan
 (ii) the exercise or grant price of any such awards
 if applicable
and (iii) the aggregate number of shares subject to the 2018 Plan.

Amendment
and Termination
 amend or modify
the 2018 Plan at any time and from time to time. However
 we must generally obtain stockholder approval:

&#9679;
to increase the number of shares available under the 2018 Plan (other than in connection with certain corporate events
 as described
above);

&#9679;
reduce the price per share of any outstanding option or SAR granted under the 2018 Plan;

&#9679;
cancel any option or SAR in exchange for cash or another award when the option or SAR price per share exceeds the fair market
value of the underlying shares; or

&#9679;
to the extent required by applicable law
 rule or regulation (including any NASDAQ rule).

Termination.

10th anniversary of the effective date of the 2018 Plan
 and no additional annual share increases to the 2018 Plan&rsquo;s aggregate
share limit will occur from and after such anniversary. Any award that is outstanding on the termination date of the 2018 Plan
will remain in force according to the terms of the 2018 Plan and the applicable award agreement.

Employment
Agreements

We
do not currently have employment agreements with our officers.

Compensation
of Directors

As
of December 31
 2020
 none of the Company&rsquo;s directors have been compensated for their services as directors of the Company.

On
March 29
 2021
 in connection with the appointment of Jeffrey J. Guzy
 Timothy McLellan and Trond Ringstad as directors
 effective
April 12
 2021
 the Company entered into one-year director service agreements (each
 a &ldquo;Director Service Agreement&rdquo;)
with each of Messrs. Guzy
 McLellan and Ringstad and with each of its two current Board members
 Nubar Herian and John
Keeler which automatically renew for successive one-year terms.


    
    


In
consideration for their services
 each director will be issued $25
000 of shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock for each
year&rsquo;s service. The number of shares to be issued will be based on the closing sale price of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock
 on the principal market on which it is then traded
 on the final trading day of the applicable year. On April 12
 2021
the Company granted each director an option to purchase 100
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share
which option vests in equal monthly installments over the course of the applicable year and will expire three years from the date
they are fully vested. Each Director may also receive additional issuances of common stock
 on an annual basis
 for his services
on any committees of the Board. In addition
 each Director will be reimbursed for all pre-approved out-of-pocket expenses. In
the event the Director ceases to be a member of the Board prior to the end of any year of service
 all unvested stock options
will be forfeited. The stock options granted to the Directors shall be exercisable only on a cash basis and will expire three
years from the date they are fully vested.

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The
following table sets forth information relating to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of April 15
 2021
 by:



    
each
    person
 or group of affiliated persons
 known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock;
    

    
    

    
each
    of our directors; 

    
    

    
our
    Named Executive Officer; and 

    
    

    
all
    current directors and executive officers as a group. 


The
number of shares beneficially owned by each entity
 person
 director or executive officer is determined in accordance with the
rules of the SEC
 and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such
rules
 beneficial ownership includes any shares over which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power
as well as any shares that the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option
 warrants
or other rights. Except as otherwise indicated
 and subject to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table
have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock held by such person.

The
percentage of shares beneficially owned is computed on the basis of 19
633
161 shares of common stock outstanding as of April
15
 2021. Shares of common stock that a person has the right to acquire within 60 days are deemed outstanding for purposes
of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such rights but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person
 except with respect to the percentage ownership of all directors and executive officers
as a group. Unless otherwise indicated below
 the address for each beneficial owner listed in the table is c/o Blue Star Foods
Corp.
 3000 NW 109th Avenue
 Miami
 Florida 33172.



Name
    and Address of Beneficial Owner
Number
    of
    
    of Beneficial

    
    
    

    
1
021
266
    

Named Executive Officers
    and Directors
    
    

    
15
016
666
    

    
521
421
    

    
16
666
    

    
16
666
    

    
16
666
    

All current directors and executive
    officers as a group (5 persons)
15
588
085
    




*
Less than 1%



    
Marcos
    Herian
 President of Kenar Overseas Corp.
 has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Kenar.




    
    




    
15
000
000
    of such shares are subject to the terms of a Lock-Up Agreement
 pursuant to which Mr. Keeler may not sell more than one-third
    of the common stock held by him in any two-month period. 4
000
000 of such shares are pledged to secure the Company&rsquo;s
    obligations under the Kenar Note. Includes 16
666 shares underlying a stock option which are exercisable within 60 days.


    
Represents
    (i) 300
000 Conversion Shares
 (ii) 150
000 Warrant Shares
 (iii) 54
755 shares held by Lunar
 of which Mr. Herian
    has sole voting and dispositive power
 and (iv) 16
666 shares underlying a stock option which are exercisable within 60 days.


    
Represents
    shares underlying a stock option which are exercisable within 60 days.



Change-in-Control
Agreements

The
Company does not have any change-in-control agreements with any of its executive officers.

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The
following is a description of transactions since January 1
 2019 to which we have been a party
 in which the amount involved exceeded
or will exceed $120
000
 and in which any of our directors
 executive officers or holders of more than 5% of our capital stock
or an affiliate or immediate family member thereof
 had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.

From
January 2006 through May 2017
 Keeler &amp; Co issued an aggregate of $2
910
000
 6% demand promissory notes to John Keeler
 our
Chief Executive Officer
 Executive Chairman and a director. We may prepay the notes at any time first against interest due thereunder.
If an event of default occurs under the notes
 interest will accrue at 18% per annum and if not paid within 10 days of payment
becoming due
 the holder of the note is entitled to a late fee of 5% of the amount of payment not timely received. On December
30
 2020
 we entered into a debt repayment agreement with Mr. Keeler pursuant to which we issued 796
650 shares of common stock
to a third party designated by Mr. Keeler as repayment for an aggregate principal amount of $1
593
300 due under four such notes.
All interest due on the notes had previously been paid on a monthly basis. The Company remains indebted to Mr. Keeler under the
remaining promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of $1
299
712.

John
Keeler
 our Chief Executive Officer
 Executive Chairman and director owns 95% of Bacolod
 an exporter of pasteurized crab meat
from the Philippines.

John
Keeler
 our Chief Executive Officer
 Executive Chairman and director
 owns 95% of Bicol
 a Philippine company
 and an indirect
supplier of crab meat via Bacolod to the Company.

The
Company&rsquo;s transactions with Bacolod were $1
280
589 and $5
600
000 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.
There were no transactions between the Company and Bicol for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.

John
Keeler
 our Chief Executive Officer
 Executive Chairman and director
 and Christopher Constable
 our former Chief Financial Officer
and director
 own 80% and 20%
 respectively
 of Strike the Gold Foods
 Ltd.
 a UK company
 which sold the Company&rsquo;s packaged
crab meat in the United Kingdom in 2019.

Keeler&nbsp;&amp;
Co leased approximately 16
800 square feet of office/warehouse space for our executive offices and distribution facility for $16
916
per month from John Keeler Real Estate Inc.
 a Florida corporation
 33% owned by a trust for each of John Keeler III
 Andrea Keeler
and Sarah Keeler
 each of whom is a child of John Keeler
 our Chief Executive Officer. On December 31
 2020
 this facility was
sold to an unrelated third-party purchaser and the lease was terminated. In connection with the sale
 the Company will retain
approximately 4
756 square feet of such space
 rent-free
 for the next 12 months.


    
    


From
time to time
 we may prepay Bacolod for future shipments of product which may represent five to six months of purchases. There
was $1
299
984 due as of December 31
 2020 for future shipments from Bacolod.

A
Company owned by the stepmother of John Keeler
 our Executive Chairman
 is a party to the Settlement Agreement and was issued
40 Units on November 8
 2018 in connection with the Company Settlement.

John
Keeler
 our Executive Chairman
 was a party to an Unconditional and Continuing Guaranty
 dated August 31
 2016
 with ACF
 pursuant
to which Mr. Keeler guaranteed the Company&rsquo;s obligations under its Loan and Security Agreement with ACF.

On
March 31
 2021
 John Keeler
 Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 provided a personal guaranty of up to $1
000
000
to Lighthouse in connection with its revolving credit facility.

John
Keeler
 our Chief Executive Officer
 Executive Chairman and director pledged 5
000
000 shares of common stock to secure the Company&rsquo;s
obligations under the $1
000
000 Kenar Note issued on March 26
 2019. On May 21
 2020
 the Kenar Note was amended to
 among other
things
 reduce the number of pledged shares by Mr. Keeler to 4
000
000.

Marcos
Herian
 President of Kenar
 a 5% shareholder
 is the brother of Nubar Herian
 a director of our Company.

On
March 29
 2019
 March 31
 2019
 September 24
 2019
 January 23
 2020
 May 27
 2020
 September 29
 2020 and December 31
 2020
we issued 92 shares
 160 shares
 160 shares
 160 shares
 160 shares
 448 shares and 144 shares
 respectively
 of common stock
to a company owned by the stepmother of John Keeler
 our Executive Chairman
 as a quarterly dividend which accrues on the Series
A Stock acquired by such company in connection with the Company Settlement.


 2019
 March
31
 2019
 September 24
 2019
 January 23
 2020
 May 27
 2020
 September 29
 2020
 December 31
 2020 and March 31
 2021
we issued 3
467 shares
 6
000 shares
 6
000 shares
 6
000 shares
 6
000 shares
 16
798 shares
 5
405 shares and 5
085
shares of common stock
 respectively to Lunar
 as a quarterly dividend which accrues on the Series A Stock acquired in the
Offering. Nubar Herian
 a director
 is the President of and controls Lunar.

On
February 25
 2020
 Christopher Constable
 the Company&rsquo;s former Chief Financial Officer entered into a Separation and Mutual
Release Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Constable resigned as Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and a director of
the Company. The Agreement contained mutual general releases
 a two-year confidentiality provision and provides for Mr. Constable&rsquo;s
outstanding stock options to remain in effect until November 8
 2028.

On
March 25
 2021
 the Company entered into a Director Service Agreement with each of its directors.

Director
Independence

We
are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system that has
requirements that a majority of the board of directors be &ldquo;independent.&rdquo; Our board of directors currently has five
members
 Jeffrey J. Guzy
 Timothy McLellan
 Trond Ringstad
 John Keeler and Nubar Herian. We believe that all of our directors
except Mr. Keeler who serves as our Executive Chairman
 are &ldquo;independent&rdquo; within the definition
of independence provided in the Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market and the independence requirements contemplated by
Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


    
    


ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Audit
Fees

The
aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountants
 MaloneBailey
 LLP
 for professional services rendered for the year ended
December 31
 2020 and 2019 are set forth below:



Fee
    Category
Year
December
                                         31

Year
    Ended December 31
 

    
    
    

    
76
000
91
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

All other
    fees (4)
    
3
175

    
76
000
94
175




(1)
    
Audit
    fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of financial statements
 for reviews of our
    interim consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and for services that are normally
    provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements.

    
    

(2)
    
Audit-related
    fees consist of fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
    of our financial statements but are not reported under &ldquo;Audit fees.&rdquo;

    
    

(3)
    
Tax
    fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance
 tax planning
 and tax advice.

    
    

(4)
    
All
    other fees consist of fees billed for services not associated with audit or tax.


Audit
Committee&rsquo;s Pre-Approval Practice

Prior
to our engagement of our independent auditor
 such engagement was approved by our board of directors. The services provided under
this engagement may include audit services
 audit-related services
 tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally
provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally
subject to a specific budget. Pursuant our requirements
 the independent auditors and management are required to report to our
board of directors at least quarterly regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with
this pre-approval
 and the fees for the services performed to date. Our board of directors may also pre-approve particular services
on a case-by-case basis. All audit-related fees
 tax fees and other fees incurred by us were approved by our board of directors.

Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services

We
have not yet established an audit committee. Until then
 there are no formal pre-approval policies and procedures. Nonetheless
the auditors engaged for these services are required to provide and uphold estimates for the cost of services to be rendered.
The percentage of hours expended on Malone Bailey&rsquo;s engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent fiscal
year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant&rsquo;s full-time
 permanent employees
was 0%.


    
    


PART
IV

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
    and Plan of Merger
 dated as of November 8
 2018
 by and among the Company
 Blue Star
 Acquisition Sub and John Keeler (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Articles
    of Merger between Blue Star and Acquisition Sub (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company&rsquo;s Form 10/A filed
    with the SEC on May 17
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated By-Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Form 10/A filed with the SEC on May
    17
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment
 dated November 5
 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form
    8-K filed with the SEC on November 9
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Designation of 8% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Description
    of Securities

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Amendment to Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on
    Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
    on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form
    8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Settlement Agreement and Mutual General Release (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Forms
    of Lockup Agreement for Pre-Merger Stockholders and Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the
    Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Redemption Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
2018
    Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated
    November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
    and Security Agreement filed with the SEC on August 31
 2016 between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.10 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
First
    Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement and Reservation of Rights
 dated November 18
 2016
 between the Company and ACF (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Second
    Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement
 dated June 19
 2017
 between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.12 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)



    
    




    
    
Third
    Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement
 dated October 16
 2017
 between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.13 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Fourth
    Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement
 dated September 19
 2018
 between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Fifth
    Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement
 dated November 8
 2018
 between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.15 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
$14
000
000
    Revolving Credit Note
 dated August 31
 2016 between the Company and ACF (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the
    Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Patent
    Security Agreement
 dated August 31
 2016
 between Blue Star and ACF FINCO LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17
    to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Lease
    Agreement
 dated May 1
 2001
 between Keeler &amp; Co. and John Keeler Real Estate Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Master
    Software Development Agreement
 dated February 6
 2017 between the Company and Claritus Management Pvt. Ltd. (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
$500
000
    Demand Note
 dated January 4
 2006 from Keeler &amp; Co. in favor of John Keeler and Maria Keeler (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
$200
000
    Demand Note
 dated March 31
 2006 from Keeler &amp; Co. in favor of John Keeler and Maria Keeler (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
$100
000
    Demand Note
 dated November 21
 2007
 from Keeler &amp; Co. in favor of John Keeler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.23 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
$516
833.83
    Demand Note
 dated July 31
 2013 from Keeler &amp; Co. in favor of John Keeler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24
    to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Subscription Agreement for February 1
 2019 offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed with the SEC on April 1
 2019)

    
    
    

    
    
$1
000
000
    Promissory Note
 dated March 26
 2019
 issued to Kenar Overseas Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed with the SEC on April 1
 2019)

    
    
    

10.26*
    
    
$100
000
    Promissory Note
 dated January 1
 2021
 issued to Lobo Holdings
 LLLP &nbsp;



    
    




    
    
Agreement
    and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
 dated as of November 26
 2019
 by and among John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.
 Coastal Pride
    Seafood
 LLC
 Coastal Pride Company
 Inc.
 The Walter F. Lubkin
 Jr. Irrevocable Trust dated 1/8/03
 Walter F. Lubkin III
    Tracy Lubkin Greco and John C. Lubkin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on
    Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2
 2019)

    
    
    

    
    
4%
    Promissory Note in the principal amount of $500
000
 dated November 26
 2019
 issued by John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. to Walter
    Lubkin
 Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
    on December 2
 2019)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of 4% Convertible Promissory Note
 dated November 26
 2019
 issued by John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2
 2019)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Leak-Out Agreement
 dated November 26
 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2
 2019)

    
    
    

    
    
Joinder
    and Seventh Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement
 dated November 26
 2019
 by and among ACF Finco I LP
 John Keeler &amp;
    Co.
 Inc. and Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2
 2019)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Lock-Up and Resale Restriction Agreement
 dated December 26
 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29
 2020)

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
    Amendment
 dated May 21
 2020 to Promissory Note issued to Kenar Overseas Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36
    to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29
 2020)

    
    
    

    
    
Eight
    Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement
 dated May 7
 2020
 between the Company and ACF Separation and Mutual Release Agreement
    dated February 25
 2020
 between the Company and Christopher Constable(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29
 2020)

    
    
    

    
    
Separation
    and Mutual Release Agreement
 dated February 25
 2020
 between the Company and Christopher Constable (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 29
 2020)

    
    
    

    
    
Mutual
    Lease Termination Agreement
 dated December 31
 2020
 between Keeler &amp; Co. and John Keeler Real Estate Holdings
 Inc.
    

    
    
    

    
    
Debt
    Repayment Agreement
 dated December 30
 2020
 between the Company and John Keeler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
    to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 9
 2021)

    
    
    

    
    
Investment
    Banking Agreement
 dated July 1
 2020
 between the Company and Newbridge Securities Corporation

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    No. 1 to Investment Banking Agreement
 dated October 30
 2020
 between the Company and Newbridge Securities Corporation



    
    




    
    
Loan
    and Security Agreement dated March 31
 2021
 by and among John Keeler &amp; Co. Inc. and Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC and Lighthouse
    Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with
    the SEC on April 6
 2021)

    
    
    

    
    
Revolving
    Credit Note dated March 31
 2021 in the amount of up to $5
000
000 issued by John Keeler &amp; Co. Inc. and Coastal Pride
    Seafood
 LLC to Lighthouse Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 6
 2021)

    
    
    

    
    
Guarantee
    Agreement dated March 31
 2021 executed by Blue Star Foods Corp. in favor of Lighthouse Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 6
 2021)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Director Services Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 10-K
    filed with the SEC on March 31
 2021

    
    
    

    
    
List
    of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
    SEC on May 29
 2020)

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Principal Financial and accounting Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant
    to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document 

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 




    
Filed
    herewith


ITEM
16. FORM 10&ndash;K SUMMARY




    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the registrant has duly caused
this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
BLUE
    STAR FOODS CORP.

    
    
    

Dated:
    April 15
 2021
    
/s/
    John Keeler

    
Name:
    
John
    Keeler

    
Title:
    
Chief
                                         Executive Officer and Executive Chairman
(Principal
        Executive Officer)

    
    
    

Dated:
    April 15
 2021
    
/s/
    John Keeler

    
    
John
    Keeler

    
Title:
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer

    
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this Annual Report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;/s/
    John Keeler
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Executive Chairman and Director
    
April
    15
 2021

John
    Keeler
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Nubar Herian
    
    
    
April
    15
 2021

Nubar
    Herian
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Jeffrey J. Guzy
    
    
    
April
    15
 2021

Jeffrey
    J. Guzy
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Timothy McLellan
    
    
    
April
    15
 2021

Timothy
    McLellan
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Trond Ringstad
    
    
    
April
    15
 2021

Trond
    Ringstad
    
    
    
    



    













     



EXHIBIT
4.2

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT&rsquo;S SECURITIES
REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE
SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

As
of December 31
 2020
 Blue Star Foods Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) had one class of securities registered under Section 12
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 being its common stock
 $0.0001 par value.
The following description of the Company&rsquo;s common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject
to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended
and Restated By-laws
 each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this
Exhibit 4.2 is a part. We encourage you to read the Charter
 Bylaws and the applicable provisions of Delaware law for additional
information.

Authorized
Capital Stock

The
Company&rsquo;s authorized capital stock consists of 100
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 and 10
000
shares of preferred stock designated 8% Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share.

Common
Stock

The
holders of outstanding shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets or funds legally available for the
payment of dividends
 subject to any preferences that may be applicable to any shares of preferred stock that may be outstanding
at that time
 at such times and in such amounts as the board of directors from time to time may determine. Holders of common stock
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. There is no cumulative voting
of the election of directors then standing for election. The common stock is not entitled to pre-emptive rights and is not subject
to conversion or redemption. Upon liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 the assets legally available for distribution
to stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders of the common stock after payment of liquidation preferences
 if any
on any outstanding payment of other claims of creditors.



Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC pink sheets under the symbol &ldquo;BSFC&rdquo;.

Transfer
Agent

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is VStock Transfer
 LLC
 with an address of 18 Lafayette Place
 Woodmere
 New
York 11598 and its telephone number is (212) 828-8436.

Delaware
Anti-Takeover Statute

We
are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 which prohibits a person deemed an &ldquo;interested stockholder&rdquo;
from engaging in a &ldquo;business combination&rdquo; with a publicly held Delaware corporation for three years following the
date such person becomes an interested stockholder unless the business combination is
 or the transaction in which the person
became an interested stockholder was
 approved in a prescribed manner or another prescribed exception applies. Generally
 an &ldquo;interested
stockholder&rdquo; is a person who
 together with affiliates and associates
 owns
 or within three years prior to the determination
of interested stockholder status did own
 15% or more of a corporation&rsquo;s voting stock. Generally
 a &ldquo;business combination&rdquo;
includes a merger
 asset or stock sale
 or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. The
existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the board
of directors
 such as discouraging takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the price of our common stock.


    
    


Undesignated
Preferred Stock

The
ability to authorize undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting
or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of the company. These and other
provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of the company.

Special
Stockholder Meetings

Our
certificate of incorporation bylaws provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board
of directors.

Requirements
for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals

Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination
of candidates for election as directors
 other than nominations made by or at the direction of the board of directors or a committee
of the board of directors.

The
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws could have the effect of discouraging
others from attempting hostile takeovers and
 as a consequence
 they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the price of our
common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of
preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions
that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests.


    













     



Exhibit
10.26

PROMISSORY
NOTE



$100
000.00
Miami
    Florida

    
January
    1
 2021


FOR
VALUE RECEIVED
 BLUE STAR FOODS CORP.
&rdquo;)
 promises to pay to the
order of Lobo Holdings
 LLLP
&rdquo;
 the principal sum of One
Hundred thousand Dollars ($100
000.00)
 together with interest on the unpaid principal balance at the rate and on the terms provided
herein.



    
    
Interest
. Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Promissory Note (including all modifications
    substitutions
 renewals or extensions hereof
Interest
    Rate
    elapsed based on a 360-day year and shall be payable together with payments of principal.

    
    
    

    
    
Maturity
. The term of the Note shall be the period commencing on the date hereof and ending on June 30

    Date

    
    
    

    
    
.
    The outstanding accrued
 but unpaid
 interest and principal balance due under the Note shall be due and payable on the Maturity
    Date. If the Maturity Date is not a Business Day
 payments shall be due on the next Business Day. For purposes of this Note
    &ldquo;Business Day&rdquo; means any day other than a Saturday
 Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in New York
    are authorized or required by law to close. Amounts due under this Note shall be payable by certified or bank cashier&rsquo;s
    check
 or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Lender in writing.

    
    
    

    
    
.
    The Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time or from time to time during the term of the Note. Any such prepayment
    shall be applied first to interest accrued but unpaid to such date on the outstanding principal balance hereof immediately
    preceding such prepayment and then to reduction of the principal balance hereof. There will be no penalty for pre-payment
    of the Note.

    
    
    

    
    
.
    The unpaid principal
 interest and other amounts and charges due under the Note shall be immediately due and payable upon
    the occurrence of the following:




    
    
Default
    in any payment of principal or interest due on the Note or default under any other provision of the Note; or

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Borrower makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors
 files a petition in bankruptcy
 is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt
    petitions or applies to any tribunal for any receiver of any trustee for the Borrower or any substantial part of its property
    commences any proceeding relating to the Borrower under any reorganization
 arrangement
 readjustment of debt
 dissolution
    or liquidation law or statute of any jurisdiction
 whether now or hereafter in effect
 or there is commenced against the Borrower
    any such action or proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of thirty (30) days
 or the Borrower by any act indicates
    its consent to
 approval of or acquiescence in any such action or proceeding or the appointment of any receiver of or any
    trustee for the Borrower or any substantial part of its property
 or suffers any such receivership or trusteeship to continue
    undischarged for a period of thirty (30) days.



    
    




    
    
.
    Presentment for payment and demand for payment
 notice of dishonor
 protest and notice of protest
 notice of non-payment
    notice of intent to accelerate the maturity and acceleration are hereby waived.

    
    
    

    
    
.
    The Note cannot be modified
 discharged or terminated except in writing signed by the parties hereto.

    
    
    

    
    
Cost
. The Borrower shall pay all reasonable costs and expenses
 including reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees
    incurred by the Lender in collecting or enforcing the Note.

    
    
    

    
    
Governing
. The Note shall be governed by
 and construed in accordance with
 the laws of the State of Florida applicable
    to contracts made and to be performed in such State
 without giving effect to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.

    
    
    

    
    
Savings
. Any provision herein or in any other agreement or commitment between the Borrower and the Lender
 whether
    written or oral
 expressed or implied
 to the contrary notwithstanding
 the Lender shall never be entitled to charge
 receive
    or collect
 nor shall amounts received hereunder be credited as interest so that the Lender shall be paid
 a sum greater than
    interest at the maximum nonusurious interest rate
 if any
 that at any time may be contracted for
 charged
 received
 or collected
&rdquo;). It is the intention
    of the parties that the Note shall comply with applicable law. If the Lender ever contracts for
 charges
 receives
 or collects
    anything of value which is deemed to be interest under applicable law
 and if the occurrence of any circumstance or contingency
    whether acceleration of maturity of the Note
 delay in advancing proceeds of the Note; or other event
 should cause such interest
    to exceed interest at the Maximum Rate
 any such excess amount shall be applied to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance
    of the Note or any other indebtedness owed to the Lender by the Borrower
 and if the Note and such other indebtedness is paid
    in full
 any remaining excess shall be paid to the Borrower. In determining whether or not the interest hereon exceeds interest
    at the Maximum Rate
 the total amount of interest shall be spread throughout the entire term of the Note until its payment
    in full in a manner which will cause the interest rate on the Note not to exceed the Maximum Rate.

    
    
    

    
    
Independent
. Each party hereto has been advised and has had the opportunity to consult with independent legal counsel
    regarding its rights and obligations under the Note and acknowledges that it fully understandings the terms and conditions
    contained herein.


The
Borrower agrees to the terms of the Note by signing below.



    
BLUE
    STAR FOODS CORP.

    
    

    
    
John
    Keeler

    
    
John
    Keeler

    
    
Executive
    Chairman



    













     



Exhibit
10.36

MUTUAL
LEASE TERMINATION AGREEMENT

THIS
 day of December 2020
 by and between JOHN KEELER REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS
INC. a Florida Corporation (hereinafter &ldquo;Landlord&rdquo;) and JOHN KEELER &amp; CO.
 INC.
 a Florida corporation (hereinafter
&ldquo;Tenant&rdquo;).

WHEREAS
by a lease agreement dated May 1
 2001 (the &ldquo;Lease&rdquo;)
 Landlord leased to Tenant and Tenant leased from
Landlord
 certain premises commonly known as 3000 NW 109 Ave
 Miami Florida comprised of one industrial building (&ldquo;Premises&rdquo;)
for a term commencing July 1
 2001 and expiring on June 30
 2021; and

WHEREAS
Landlord and Tenant mutually desire to terminate the Lease and all rights and obligations of the respective parties under the
Lease.

NOW
THEREFORE
 in consideration of the mutual promises and provisions herein contained
 and in consideration of and conditioned upon
Tenant applying $10
000 security deposit &amp; Sunshine Carpet invoice $ 2
292.45 against December 2020 monthly rent ($16
603.13).
Tenant
 within five (5) days of landlord receiving a signed Mutual Lease Termination Agreement from tenant
 the sum of $4
310.68
Landlord and Tenant agree as follows:

1.
Landlord and Tenant do hereby terminate fully and surrender the Lease effective as of December 31
 2020.

4.
Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant that:

a.
Landlord is no longer the owner of the Premises in fee simple absolute
 subject only to encumbrance holders of record;

b.
Landlord has the legal right and capacity to enter into this Mutual Lease Termination Agreement and to carry out its provisions
including the legal right and capacity to terminate the duties and obligations of Tenant under the terms of the Lease
 and to
hold Tenant harmless from the consequences thereof.

5.
Except as otherwise provided herein
 Landlord hereby indemnifies Tenant against
 shall hold Tenant harmless from and against
and shall reimburse Tenant on demand by Tenant for
 any liability
 damage
 loss
 cost and/or expense (including attorneys&rsquo;
fees and costs of investigation incurred in defending against and/or settling such liability
 damage
 loss
 cost or expense or
claim therefore and any amounts paid in settlement thereof) imposed on or reasonably incurred by Tenant arising from or relating
to: (a) any third party claiming through Landlord challenging the enforceability or validity of this Mutual Lease Termination
Agreement or the termination of the Lease as contemplated hereby; (b) any third party claiming through Landlord any right to any
payment to be made by Tenant to Landlord hereunder; and/or (c) any misrepresentation
 breach of warranty or failure to perform
or violation by Landlord of any provision of this Mutual Lease Termination Agreement.

6.
Landlord and Tenant respectively represent and warrant that there has been no transfer or assignment
 either voluntary or by operation
of law
 of that party&rsquo;s right
 title or interest in the Lease or the claims being released herein. Each signatory to this
Mutual Lease Termination Agreement represents and warrants to the other that such signatory has the authority to enter into this
Mutual Lease Termination Agreement on behalf of that respective party.

7.
If either party brings an action to enforce the terms of this Mutual Lease Termination Agreement
 the prevailing party shall be
entitled to receive reasonable attorney&rsquo;s fees and court costs from the other party
 in addition to any other remedies it
may have in law or in equity.

Executed
in duplicate originals as of the day and date above first written.



TENANT:
    &nbsp;
    
    

John
    Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.
    
John
    Keeler Real Estate Holdings
 Inc.

    
    
    

By:
    &nbsp;
John
    Keeler
    
By:
    &nbsp;
John
    Keeler

Name:&nbsp;
    
John
    Keeler
    
Name:&nbsp;
    
John
    Keeler



    













     



Exhibit
10.38



INVESTMENT
BANKING ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT

July
1
 2020

John
Keeler | Chairman / CEO
Blue
Star Foods Corp.
3000
NW 109th Ave
 Doral
 FL 33172
United
States

Dear
Mr. Keeler:

Newbridge
Securities Corporation (&ldquo;Newbridge&rdquo;) is pleased to provide Investment Banking and Corporate Advisory services to Blue
Star Foods Corp.
 a Delaware corporation
 (the &ldquo;Company) on the terms and conditions in this letter agreement (the&nbsp;&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;).



    
Nature
    of Services.


Newbridge
will act as the Company&rsquo;s financial advisor with respect to the matters listed below and may perform such services as it
deems reasonably necessary.


Corporate
                                         Advisory Services. Newbridge shall provide the Company with general corporate advisory
                                         services in connection with investment banking matters such as:


Assisting
                                         the Company with an up-listing process to a National Exchange in the United States (NYSE
                                         American
 NASDAQ or NYSE)
 if applicable;

Introduction
                                         to other Investment Banking firms focused on servicing emerging growth companies
 if
                                         applicable;

Rendering
                                         of advice related to capital structures
 capital market opportunities
 asset allocation
                                         or exit strategies;

Evaluate
                                         any potential capital raise transaction proposals on behalf of the Company and providing
                                         guidance with respect to structure and valuation;

Assist
                                         in any discussions of any capital raise or financing arrangement
 as requested by the
                                         Company;

Assisting
                                         in the preparation of a corporate presentation;

Assisting
                                         in the preparation of a comprehensive due diligence package that can be used for potential
                                         M&amp;A
 Joint-Venture or Capital Raise transactions;

Working
                                         with the Company to develop growth optimization strategies;

Assist
                                         with coordinating outside corporate communications and investor relations professionals;

Introduction
                                         to pertinent equity research professionals;

Assist
                                         in getting the Company to attend various small-cap investor conferences;

Assist
                                         in drafting of press releases; and

Make
                                         ourselves available for board meetings.

Newbridge
shall render such other investment banking or financial advisory services as may from time to time be agreed upon by Newbridge
and the Company (e.g.
 fairness opinions
 business plans). The fees payable for any such other services shall be customary investment
banking or financial advisory fees to be mutually agreed upon based upon the nature and type of the services to be rendered.

Investment
Advisory Services offered through Newbridge Financial Services Group
 Inc. an SEC Registered Investment Advisor
1200
North Federal Highway
 Suite 400
 Boca Raton
 FL 33432 | Telephone: 561.395.1220 Fax: 561.229.1531



    
    


Newbridge
shall not be required to undertake duties not reasonably within the scope of the investment banking or financial advisory services
contemplated by this Agreement or to spend any minimum amount of time in providing such services. Newbridge does not provide tax
accounting or legal advice. Any public offerings shall be subject to a separate agreement and are expressly not addressed in this
Agreement.



    
Term;
    Termination of Engagement.


The
term of this engagement shall be for three (3) weeks from the date of this Agreement (the &ldquo;Term&rdquo;. Nevertheless
 Newbridge&rsquo;s
engagement may be terminated by either the Company or Newbridge at any time upon 15 days written notice to that effect to the
other party. If the Company terminates this Agreement without Cause (as defined below)
 Newbridge shall be paid its full Corporate
Advisory Fee under Section 4. &ldquo;Cause&rdquo; means a material breach of this Agreement by Newbridge; which breach shall not
have been cured within a reasonable period following written notice of the breach to Newbridge by the Company.

The
provisions of this Section 2 and of Sections 5
 6 and 7 of this Agreement shall survive termination.



    
    


The
Company will furnish to Newbridge such information as Newbridge reasonably requests in connection with performing its services.
In performing its services
 Newbridge will use and rely upon the information furnished by the Company as well as publicly available
information regarding the Company. Accordingly
 Newbridge shall be entitled to assume and rely upon the accuracy and completeness
of all such information and is not required to independently verify any information
 whether publicly available or otherwise furnished
to it
 including any financial information
 forecasts or projections. For any financial forecasts and projections made available
to Newbridge
 Newbridge may assume that the forecasts and projections have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments of management of the Company. If
 in Newbridge&rsquo;s opinion after completing its
due diligence process
 the condition or prospects of the Company
 financial or otherwise
 are not substantially as represented
or do not fulfill Newbridge&rsquo;s expectations
 Newbridge shall have the sole discretion to determine whether to continue to
participate in a Corporate Advisory assignment.



    
    


For
the services to be rendered by Newbridge
 the Company shall pay to Newbridge a Corporate Advisory Fee
 as set forth below.


Corporate
                                         Advisory Fee: The total fees for Corporate Advisory Services shall be sixty thousand
                                         (60
000) shares
 and will be released to Newbridge Securities upon the following schedule:


Upon
                                         execution of this Agreement
 the Company shall pay to Newbridge twenty thousand (20
000)
                                         shares of common stock.

On
                                         July 15
 2020
 the Company shall pay to Newbridge an additional twenty thousand
                                         (20
000) shares of common stock.

On
                                         October 15
 2020
 the Company shall pay to Newbridge an additional twenty thousand (20
000)
                                         shares of common stock.


    
    


All
equity compensation received pursuant to this agreement
 shall be subject to a lock-up provision
 with the following schedule:


100%
                                         of the original stock held
 can be sold after a holding period of 12 months from the
                                         date of the signing of this agreement


At
                                         Newbridge&rsquo;s option and upon Newbridge&rsquo;s written instructions to the Company
                                         the Company shall issue all or a portion of the Stock due to Newbridge under this Agreement
                                         directly to specified Newbridge affiliates
 employees or any other third-party assignee.
                                         Such assignees shall also be subject to the lock-up provisions described above. The stock
                                         Certificates evidencing such shares shall include a legend reflecting the lock-up provisions.
                                         All shares described in this agreement shall be deemed earned up full upon execution
                                         of this agreement
 and once paid
 the Consulting Fee shall be non-refundable.



    
    


Newbridge
Securities will pre-approve with the Company any expenses related to this engagement (including travel expenses
 legal fees and
other miscellaneous
 etc.) incurred in connection with this Corporate Advisory assignment or otherwise arising out of this agreement.
Once approved
 the Company shall reimburse Newbridge for all expenses due to it within 10 days of written receipt.



6.
    
Scope
    of Responsibility.


Newbridge
shall not be liable to the Company
 or to any other person claiming through the Company
 for any claim
 loss
 damage
 liability
or expense suffered by the Company or any such other person arising out of or related to Newbridge&rsquo;s engagement except for
any claim
 loss
 damage
 liability or expense that arises out of
 or is based upon
 any action or failure to act by Newbridge
that constitutes bad faith
 willful misconduct or gross negligence.



    
Indemnification;
    Contribution.



The
                                         Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Newbridge and its officers
 directors
                                         shareholders
 employees
 affiliates
 agents and each person who controls Newbridge (and
                                         any of its affiliates) within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933
                                         as amended or Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (each an
                                         &ldquo;Indemnified Person&rdquo;)
 to the fullest extent lawful
 against any and all
                                         claims
 losses
 damages
 liabilities
 and expenses (including all fees and disbursements
                                         of counsel and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with the investigation
                                         of
 preparation for and defense of any pending or threatened claim
 action
 proceeding
                                         inquiry
 investigation or litigation
 to which an Indemnified Person may become subject)
                                         (collectively
 &ldquo;Damages&rdquo;) incurred that arise out of or are related to any
                                         actual or proposed Corporate Advisory assignment or Newbridge &lsquo;s engagement under
                                         this Agreement. However
 this indemnification shall not include any Damages that are
                                         found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from
                                         the bad faith
 willful misconduct or gross negligence of Newbridge.



If
                                         the indemnity above is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an Indemnified Person
                                         then the Company shall contribute to amounts paid or payable by an Indemnified Person
                                         for Damages in such proportion as appropriately reflects the relative benefits received
                                         by the Company on the one hand and Newbridge on the other. If applicable law does not
                                         permit allocation solely on the basis of benefits
 then such contribution shall be made
                                         in such proportion as appropriately reflects both the relative benefits and relative
                                         fault of the parties and other relevant equitable considerations. However
 in no event
                                         shall Newbridge&rsquo;s aggregate contributions for Damages exceed the amount of fees
                                         actually received by Newbridge under this Agreement.


    
    



Promptly
                                         after receipt by Newbridge of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action for
                                         which an Indemnified Person may be entitled to indemnity
 Newbridge shall promptly notify
                                         the Company of such claim or the commencement of such against the Indemnified Person
                                         that would give rise to indemnification. However
 any delay or failure to notify the
                                         Company will not relieve the Company of its indemnity obligation except to the extent
                                         it is materially prejudiced by such delay or failure. The Company may participate in
                                         the defense of the claim and shall assume the defense of the claim and shall pay as incurred
                                         the fees and disbursements of counsel for the proceeding. In any proceeding where the
                                         Company declines to assume the defense or the Company&rsquo;s counsel is deemed to have
                                         a conflict of interest
 the Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own
                                         counsel which shall be reasonably satisfactory to Newbridge. The Company shall pay the
                                         fees and expenses of such counsel as incurred. However
 the Company shall not be responsible
                                         for the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (other than counsel of record) for
                                         all Indemnified Persons.



The
                                         Company will not enter into any waiver
 release or settlement for any threatened or pending
                                         claim
 action
 proceeding or investigation or settle any related litigation for which
                                         indemnification may be sought under this Agreement (whether or not Indemnified Persons
                                         are a formal party to the litigation)
 unless the waiver
 release or settlement includes
                                         an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from any and all liability arising
                                         out of the threatened or pending claim
 action
 proceeding
 investigation or litigation.



    
Representations
    and Warranties; Covenants.


The
Company represents
 warrants and covenants as follows:


All
                                         information provided by the Company will be accurate and complete in all material respects
                                         and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
                                         fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements are made.



During
                                         the term of this Agreement
 the Company will (a) promptly notify Newbridge of any material
                                         development in the operations
 financial condition or prospects of the Company or its
                                         assets
 whether or not in the ordinary course of business
 (b) provide copies of its
                                         annual reports and other financial reports at the earliest time the Company makes them
                                         available to others
 and (c) provide such other information concerning the business and
                                         financial condition of the Company and its assets as Newbridge may from time to time
                                         reasonably request.



The
                                         execution
 delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
                                         contemplated in this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
                                         and will not conflict with or constitute a breach of
 or default under
 or result in
                                         the creation or imposition of any lien
 charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets
                                         of the Company pursuant to
 any contract
 indenture
 mortgage
 loan agreement
 note lease
                                         or other instrument to which the Company is bound
 or to which any property or assets
                                         of the Company are subject.



    
Reliance
    on Others.


The
Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal
 tax and accounting advice.


    
    




    
No
    Rights in Shareholders
 etc.


Newbridge
has been engaged only by the Company
 and this engagement is not deemed to be on behalf of and is not intended to confer rights
upon any shareholder
 partner or other owner of the Company or any other person not a party to this Agreement as against Newbridge.
Unless otherwise expressly agreed
 no one other than the Company is authorized to rely upon this engagement of Newbridge or to
rely upon any statements
 advice
 opinions or conduct by Newbridge.



    
Independent
    Contractor; No Fiduciary Duty; Non-Exclusive Services.


Newbridge&rsquo;s
role is that of an independent contractor and nothing in this Agreement is intended to create or shall be construed as creating
a fiduciary relationship between the Company and Newbridge. Newbridge and its affiliates provide financial advisory services
investment banking services
 and consulting advice to others. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict Newbridge in providing
services to others
 except as such services may relate to matters concerning the Company&rsquo;s business and properties.



    
Use
    of Name.


The
Company shall not utilize the name &ldquo;Newbridge&rdquo; or any derivative thereof
 in any publication
 announcement or otherwise
without the prior written consent of Newbridge.



    
Public
    Disclosure.


After
receiving cost estimates
 the Company agrees to distribute at its expense any pre-approved press release via Businesswire National
Circuit or a similar news service concerning the Company and its business
 as Newbridge may reasonably request
 so long as the
press release is compliant with US and Canadian securities laws.



14.
    
    


Newbridge
may
 at its option and expense: (a) place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals (including electronic
versions) describing its services to the Company and (b) use the Company&rsquo;s corporate logo in such advertising or related
promotional materials (including electronic versions) concerning Newbridge&rsquo;s services to the Company. If requested by Newbridge
the Company shall include a mutually acceptable reference to Newbridge in any press release or other public announcement made
by the Company regarding a Corporate Advisory assignment.



    
Governing
    Law; Jurisdiction.


This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects under the laws of the State of Florida
 without reference to its
conflict of laws provisions. Any right to trial by jury for any claim
 action
 proceeding or litigation arising out of this Agreement
or any of the matters contemplated in this Agreement is waived by the Company and the Placement Agent. The parties hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally: submit to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Palm Beach County Florida
 for any
dispute related to this Agreement or any of the matters contemplated hereby; consent to service of process by registered or certified
mail return receipt requested or by any other manner provided by applicable law; and waive any right to claim that any action
proceeding or litigation so commenced has been commenced in an inconvenient forum.


    
    




    
    


Nothing
in this Agreement is intended to obligate Newbridge to provide any services other than as set forth above. This Agreement may
be executed in counterparts
 in PDF and/or email
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 but which together shall be considered
a single instrument. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings (both written and oral) of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement cannot
be amended or otherwise modified except in writing signed by the parties. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Company and Newbridge.



Sincerely

    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
/s/
    Robert Abrams
    

    
Robert
    Abrams
    

    
General
    Counsel &amp; Chief Compliance Officer
    

    
Managing
    Director
 Investment Banking
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

By:
    
John
    Keeler
    

    
John
    Keeler
    

    
Chairman
    / CEO
    



    













     



Exhibit
10.39



October
30
 2020

John
Keeler | Chairman / CEO
Blue
Star Foods Corp.
3000
NW 109th Ave
 Doral
 FL 33172
United
States

AMendment
No. 1 TO INVESTMENT BANKING Agreement

Dear
Mr. Keeler:

Reference
is made to that certain Investment Banking Agreement (&ldquo;Original Agreement&rdquo;) dated as of July 1
 2020
by and between Newbridge Securities Corporation (&ldquo;Newbridge&rdquo;) and Blue Star Foods Corp. and its subsidiaries
 affiliates
beneficiaries
 successors and assigns (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;).

Pursuant
to this Amendment No. 1 to Investment Banking Agreement (&ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;)
 Newbridge and the Company will amend Section
2 of the Original Agreement as set forth below.

Section
2 of the Original Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:



    
Term;
    Termination of Engagement.


The
term of this engagement shall be for twelve (12) months from the date of this Agreement (the &ldquo;Term&rdquo;. Nevertheless
Newbridge&rsquo;s engagement may be terminated by either the Company or Newbridge at any time upon 15 days written notice to that
effect to the other party. If the Company terminates this Agreement without Cause (as defined below)
 Newbridge shall be paid
its full Corporate Advisory Fee under Section 4. &ldquo;Cause&rdquo; means a material breach of this Agreement by Newbridge; which
breach shall not have been cured within a reasonable period following written notice of the breach to Newbridge by the Company.

The
provisions of this Section 2 and of Sections 5
 6 and 7 of this Agreement shall survive termination.

All
other provisions of the Original Agreement shall remain unchanged and shall continue in full force and effect.

Sincerely




    
    

    
    
    

    
/s/
    Robert Abrams
    

    
Robert
    Abrams
    

    
General
    Counsel &amp; Chief Compliance Officer
    

    
Managing
    Director
 Investment Banking
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

By:
    
/s/
    John Keeler
    

    
John
    Keeler
    

    
Chairman
    / CEO
    


Investment
Advisory Services offered through Newbridge Financial Services Group
 Inc. an SEC Registered Investment Advisor
1200
North Federal Highway
 Suite 400
 Boca Raton
 FL 33432 | Telephone:&nbsp;561.395.1220 Fax: 561.229.1531



    













     



EXHIBIT
31.1



I
John Keeler
 certify that:



1.
    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Star Foods Corp.
 a Delaware corporation
 for the year ended December
    31
 2020;

    
    

2.
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

3.
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

4.
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have;




    
(a)
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
(b)
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
(c)
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
(d)
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most
    recent quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth quarter) covered by this report that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
    likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




5.
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
(a)
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
(b)
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    April 15
 2021
    
/s/
    John Keeler

    
    
John
    Keeler

    
    
Chief
                                         Executive Officer and Executive Chairman
(Principal
        Executive Officer)



    













     



EXHIBIT
31.2



I
John Keeler
 certify that:



1.
    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Star Foods Corp.
 a Delaware corporation
 for the year ended December
    31
 2020;

    
    

2.
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

3.
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

4.
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have;




    
(a)
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
(b)
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
(c)
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
(d)
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most
    recent quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth quarter) covered by this report that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
    likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




5.
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
(a)
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
(b)
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    April 15
 2021
By:
    
/s/
    John Keeler

    
    
John
    Keeler

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer

    
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)



    













     



EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Star Foods Corp.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 for
the year ended December 31
 2020
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
I
 John Keeler
 Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that;



    
(1)
    
The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
(2)
    
The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



Date:
    April 15
 2021
    
/s/
    John Keeler

    
Name:
    
John
    Keeler

    
Title:
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Executive Chairman

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)



    













     



EXHIBIT
32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Star Foods Corp.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 for
the year ended December 31
 2020
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
I
 John Keeler
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that;



    
(1)
    
The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
(2)
    
The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



Date:
    April 15
 2021
    
/s/
    John Keeler

    
Name:
    
John
    Keeler

    
Title:
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer

    
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)



    












begin 644 ex10-38_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1  _ *8# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#WRBBB@ HH


MRZ+ZL
M^/T%3)IULO

0#U&:H3Z+9S,66-8V/7:.#6\:M-J
MTH_<9.G-:J13MO%-E+@3++;D]V7*_F*U%O(Y%#1.DBG^)3FLM])LXFVN^T^X
MI$T^RC;*3[3ZCBIEF]8W*C*2W-;[4.].%S&?O'%9VR


YT , 8QQ129'K1D'O0
M M%&:3(]: %HI,CUI<B@M?627MN8V.UOX7'537FM_K

M5ZD:YCQ3X(LO%
L

M_P#/4?G1_P )2.TP_.M(_Q'_



MC%%(3FBN


M=
 5:ISDKI


1822%(P<9%-TJB^RP56#ZF






S:;K$2A3=VH'[Y?[DB'AU^O3UI 9_Q6U34-%\$OJ.F7LMK=)<1(
M'C/9F ((/%=A:Q;M/A5I)6C&7+?










M

\]P(

MEN#Z5 NH:X6M/.M((PUU)'
58-B

\^Z
MAB:18B#^[4KU&X=3TR

MK.ETMQ:0Q3C#V^)
JRGHK8Y!&

1$C8J
ML4?&?EW87@GC..M6[O6[J)K&6WTEKBVPC7S+ P:)6X^52
D@\D=0HJW?WNLP

'=U


M7
L5U(+4G[.BEMC;.OS87GH
UTEA+)-$S2
3R

MN-&M)+EKYH45HBBS0#.'Z$H6 XSQGV-:FBM]OMGN+G3%M6$SJD4L 1U4'C/7
3GKR.#6S13NQ60@&#Q12T4AG_V0$!
end







begin 644 ex10-39_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !D 
H# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#WRBBB@ HH
MHH ***.GWJ AF55W%LJTMTWW8ES[FL^6&68[I6)JXP)E(M3:M;Q?=S(?\
M9JC+K%RW^JB1/]X[J/LG^S0MM'N^=OE_V:UY:
5/%
MI-[+\TT[(/=MU74E6)=L


M;%KI./GN#N;_ )Y_PUD65H8I;D?(OR_WFZ5IPV21?
WSM_M59A5VJ,B@ H
MHHH **** (9[2*?[Z\^M4WLK9#M/RFM*JU[;?:8&56VN/NM5QD3*)5^S6G]Z






M(K1-L2\_Q

%B


UM

OF1
M]TJG_P *AM1_S%Y_^_2U:T[X8C2[U+FUUJX5U^\OE+AU_NFN3%5
)5C[KU.K







M^'?C[5/5U(4TF\C^W:=)(WW=J_,O_?*M_W[]ZZWX?V\DNDW.NW496[URX:^
M8,.5B;Y8E_




MU8\):)%X=\+:=I
4_P!H2WB_UQ_Y:%OF+?3YJX;XA_\ )6O 7_75O_0EH ]1
M:1E@\P1N6QG8




=S9Q7
0)CE19$XY*L
US




MQ^;)&[RSR
HJV[HHI+&W\9VFEV&F^1HZ%(H7NX[F1FV+A6*QM'][;_ +5-

M^VJ9=+U
JW
C_O6W*V/

M^/-4JV5X.MR/^^FI


MH_AGQ

M1!#:2

J_

5G:3W4YQ' C2.WHJ\

M73Q^)]*DTB'5#
)CNW;'W?.J-]UF'W=U;V@2R7.@6$TUG-9R/
M I::1I'B_V2S?
7M^5F\S=NW?\^6NTU&_ATO3;B^N
M5@MXVE?:N3M7K4ZW:&XL8

#2!HPS
M

NUV;6EV?=RNXKVW?
M\!K

M6UF:63Y!&%^]NW?=QBG'6+





M\DU

HD9H)&&_
M


D3027#(9A%)A78$)N(]=J@9'I110!KT444 %%%% !1110!__9
end







begin 644 form10k_001.jpg



M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W/[1-=VPD


=K'\#S0 XVT3-N9 Q!!!89P1W'I3([

$=!TJ(Z=9&.2
VD&R3!=




MM?)U%+^QZ/\ 


M\EU.@E6

MB_

WIN*5168.#Z
M'S/17N-S^SG
@9K?Q)&W7:)+0K]


'*R-%&R/_V0$!
end







begin 644 form10k_002.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1  P (0# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#WZBBB@ HH

?DJ_G7K-?'WP=UUM#^)6F
7VPW;&T

MR6=_/%;VC01ON12=N




M
D8?*_E^- '@-U\5OB+97








M_P#AKXCU/4M%U32M=F\S7-'N'M[B3CYQR5;C'N/PKSC1?$VM:AX.N=:O/BBM

ML=L@ _C10!YEHNA^(] NM?CG^'-OK2WNHS7$
\\\ PC'@88$X[_C4=S\/_%5

LI
MXW22Z-]'+LRIQ\H&3D\5P-MI?CO1_ 5YX C\+_:UD66#4X[I%B\MR268'G/
M)]*]RHQ0!XWXD\&:[9-X-AHJ:TFAV[I=0^8B*YVJ




/?!FHVEL9+33YYVNI P'EAE '!.3T[5F^-_6L^-/'&DV_F7&GZ+IT3





C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


TF.^]@A
;1@-SMDVR6Y9


\D
MUE.0D
NU1L 0[E #

;SQ!K^KC[:\7_$OL-.C
[2Z



MIV_]VY_\!9?_ (FLKQGXQL/ ^AC5M1@N9H#

7W[2UA'+
MBP\
W


M *A6&#_%GO0!Z1X?EMM+TR./1O!.I65N55=OEV\3MM&T%PTH8G ZMR:UO[9O


.:%X.\;Z7K&@W&F
MVIM[G5X7GT\FXCVW
:QB1E8;B


AZ%X?MXI)95N(VTVV;S2-A4;67<1]_)




M%N6N&MY0E_+L*A3%P(\




M*00K
481.Q57QP2

ER8[:11.XBMXFJI/SY(&57)*[L5X7\0];
M'B+Q_K&IBQEL1)-L^SS#$B;%?..S';DCL21D]:]AU+QCH^GZI\*+N+4;*8V
M41@O$%T&^SB6&.(L[9XVY8\_W37F7Q:2VNOBMJKZ;+!/!=/$T3PS*ZLS1IN^
M;.!\V[Z4 =3\




&G:U:



 #M2T44 %%%% '__9
end


















        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    


    

    

    


    
    
    




    
    
    


    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    


    

    

    


    

    

    



    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    





    
    





    

    
    

    
    

    

    





    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

 or 80% of the net orderly liquidation value
 subject to an inventory sublimit of $2
500


    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2020 and 2019 were 1.260 and 1.337 US dollar to UK pound sterling


 2019 and 2018 were 1.337 and 1.336 US dollar to UK pound sterling

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

 2020
 the Company was in violation of its minimum EBITDA covenant as well as exceeding the covenant related to monies advanced to Bacolod by approximately $105


000 or (ii) 25% of the EBITDA of Coastal Pride

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2020 after which time
 on May 21
 2020
 the Kenar Note was amended to (i) set the maturity date at March 31
 2021 


 2019 and was extended through December 2

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









 2021 and may be required to make monthly payments of approximately $8
500 beginning June 2

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    


    
    
    
    

    
    

 Florida
 Blue Star Foods Corp. (&amp;#8220;we&amp;#8221;
&#13;&amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;
 the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) is a sustainable seafood company. The Company&amp;#8217;s main operating business
 John Keeler&#13;&amp;#38; Co.
 Inc. has been in business for approximately twenty-five years. The Company was formed under the laws of the State of Delaware.&#13;The current source of revenue is importing blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 the Philippines and China and distributing&#13;it in the United States
 Canada and Europe under several brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
 Crab &amp;#38; Go
 First Choice

 2018
 the sole shareholder of John&#13;Keeler &amp;#38; Co.
 Inc.
 John Keeler
 executed an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization with Blue Star Foods Corp. (formerly&#13;A.G. Acquisition Group II
 Inc.) and Blue Star Acquisition Corp. pursuant to which he exchanged his 500 shares
 par value $1.00 per share&#13;in John Keeler &amp;#38; Co.
 Inc. for 15
000
000 shares
 par value $0.0001 per share of the then outstanding 16
015
000 outstanding shares.&#13;As part of the merger
 the net liabilities existing in the company as of the date of the merger totaling approximately $2
400 were converted&#13;to equity. The prior owners of Blue Star Foods Corp. received 750
000 shares of common stock as part of this transaction
 and various&#13;service providers received 265
000 shares as compensation for their work on the transaction resulting in an expense and additional paid&#13;in capital of $530
001. Additionally
 there were 725 Series A Preferred shares and 181
250 warrants issued to private placement offering&#13;investors for a total capital contribution of $725
000
 688 Series A Preferred shares and 172
000 warrants issued for settlement with&#13;prior investors which had a fair value of $688
000 and $81
353 respectively. Upon the close of the merger
 there were 3
120
000 options&#13;to purchase common stock issued to Christopher Constable
 the Company&amp;#8217;s then Chief Financial Officer. Additionally
 Carlos Faria
&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s then Chief Executive Officer
 held options to purchase 104 shares of John Keeler &amp;#38; Co.
 Inc. prior to the merger.&#13;These options were immediately converted at closing to an option to purchase 3
120

 immediately following the completion of the transaction
 the holders of John Keeler &amp;#38; Co.
&#13;Inc.&amp;#8217;s stock had effective control of Blue Star Foods Corp. In addition
 John Keeler &amp;#38; Co.
 Inc. had control of the combined&#13;entity through control of the Board by designating all four of the board seats. Additionally
 all of John Keeler &amp;#38; Co.
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s&#13;officers and senior executive positions continued as management of the combined entity after consummation of the Merger. For accounting&#13;purposes
 John Keeler &amp;#38; Co.
 Inc. was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction and
 consequently
 the transaction has&#13;been treated as a recapitalization of Blue Star Foods Corp. Accordingly
 John Keeler &amp;#38; Co.
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s assets
 liabilities and results&#13;of operations are the historical financial statements of the registrant
 and the John Keeler &amp;#38; Co.
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s assets

 2019
 John Keeler &amp;#38;&#13;Co.
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation (the &amp;#8220;Purchaser&amp;#8221;)
 and wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company
 entered into an Agreement&#13;and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the &amp;#8220;Coastal Merger Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Coastal Pride Company
 Inc.
 a South Carolina&#13;corporation
 Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC
 a Florida limited liability company and newly-formed
 wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Acquisition Subsidiary&amp;#8221; and
 upon the effective date of the Merger
 the &amp;#8220;Surviving Company)
 and The Walter F.&#13;Lubkin
 Jr. Irrevocable Trust dated 1/8/03 (the &amp;#8220;Trust&amp;#8221;)
 Walter F. Lubkin III (&amp;#8220;Lubkin III&amp;#8221;)
 Tracy Lubkin Greco&#13;(&amp;#8220;Greco&amp;#8221;) and John C. Lubkin (&amp;#8220;Lubkin&amp;#8221;)
 constituting all of the shareholders of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. immediately&#13;prior to the Coastal Merger (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Sellers&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the Coastal Merger Agreement
 Coastal&#13;Pride Company
 Inc. merged with and into the Acquisition Subsidiary

 based&#13;in Beaufort
 South Carolina


 2020
 the Company incurred a net loss of $4
437
434
 has an accumulated deficit of $13
510
517&#13;and working capital deficit of $2
257
059
 inclusive of $1
299
712 in subordinated stockholder debt. These circumstances raise substantial&#13;doubt as to the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is&#13;dependent upon the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to increase revenues
 execute on its business plan to acquire complimentary companies
 raise&#13;capital


 2014
 the Company&amp;#8217;s stockholder&#13;was transferred the controlling interest of Strike the Gold Foods Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Strike&amp;#8221;)
 a related party entity based in the United&#13;Kingdom. The Company concluded that Strike was a variable interest entity (&amp;#8220;VIE&amp;#8221;) and the Company was the primary beneficiary&#13;of Strike
 in accordance with ASC 810
 Consolidation. Therefore
 the Company consolidated Strike in its financial statements. Strike&amp;#8217;s&#13;activities were reflected in the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements starting on April 1
 2014

 the Company determined&#13;that Strike was no longer a VIE because there was a verbal agreement with Strike that terminated the original agreement to hold Company&#13;inventory on consignment and Strike has not engaged in transactions with the Company or its subsidiaries in 2020. In addition
 as of July&#13;1
 2020
 the Company neither directly or indirectly absorbs any variability of Strike nor holds the power to direct the activities of&#13;Strike that most significantly impact its economic performance and Strike was also able to finance its activities without financial support&#13;from the Company. The Company deconsolidated Strike on July 1
 2020 and the income and loss for the VIE is recognized in the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;income statement through the deconsolidation date. As a result of such deconsolidation
 the Company no longer recognizes the carrying&#13;value of the noncontrolling interest as a component of total shareholder&amp;#8217;s equity resulting in a reduction of $468
673 of noncontrolling&#13;interest and $141
922 from accumulated other comprehensive income on its consolidated balance sheet. Further
 the Company derecognized&#13;approximately $8
421 of effect of exchange rate changes on cash of Strike as of July 1
 2020 which is reflected in its consolidated statement&#13;of cash flows for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020. There is no other material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated balance&#13;sheet

545 as of December 31

 liabilities&#13;and non-controlling interest related to Strike as of July 1
 2020
 the deconsolidation date
 and December 31















919&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4

626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;244






 2020 and 2019
 depreciation&#13;expense totaled approximately $33
200 and $66
000
 respectively. On December 2020
 our warehouse and refrigeration equipment was sold&#13;to an unrelated party for $407
198 and the Company recorded gain on the sale of the equipment of $343



 2019
 the Company completed its merger&#13;with Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. Under the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
 the Company paid $3.7 million&#13;in consideration including approximately $394
600 in cash
 the issuance of $2.59 million of its common stock
 the issuance of a $500
000&#13;4% unsecured promissory note and $210
000 4% unsecured convertible promissory notes in exchange for all of the equity of Coastal Pride&#13;Company
 Inc. The 1
295

400 in investment banking fees paid via 87
700 shares of the common stock
 $110
176 in legal fees paid in $49
535 in cash and&#13;30
321 shares of common stock. The common stock for these transaction costs were issued subsequent to December 31

 identifiable assets acquired

622&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Common stock
 1
295
000 shares of BSFC common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
590

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4% Unsecured
 Convertible promissory note payable to seller&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;210

694


141

562






250




161

249


694

 the Company considered the value of the stock as estimated at the time of closing. Given that the stock was not trading at the&#13;time of closing
 the Company utilized its sale of common stock from November 2018 to November
 2019 of approximately $1
000

 The analysis resulted in a necessary step up of $105



057

048

201







395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Balance







250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(104

145

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(10


140


963







170



000.00 per share
 commencing on&#13;the date of issuance. Dividends are payable quarterly
 when and if declared by the Board
 beginning on September 30
 2018 (each a &amp;#8220;Dividend&#13;Payment Date&amp;#8221;) and are payable in shares of Common Stock (a &amp;#8220;PIK Dividend&amp;#8221;) with such shares being valued at the daily&#13;volume weighted average price (&amp;#8220;VWAP&amp;#8221;) of the Common Stock for the thirty trading days immediately prior to each Dividend&#13;Payment Date or if not traded or quoted as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Company. Any fractional&#13;shares of a PIK Dividend will be rounded to the nearest one-hundredth of a share. All shares of Common Stock issued in payment of a PIK&#13;Dividend will be duly authorized
 validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable. Dividends will accumulate whether or not the Company&#13;has earnings

 2020
 June 30
&#13;2020
 September 29
 2020
 and December 31
 2020. The dividends resulted in the issuance of an aggregate of 52
286 shares of common stock&#13;with a value of $113
040. On March 31
 2021
 the Company issued 11
975 shares of common stock to Series A preferred stockholders as a&#13;common stock dividend for the quarter ended March 31


000
000 shares&#13;of common stock at a par value of $.0001 and had 19
580
721 and 17
589
705 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December&#13;31
 2020 and 2019

 2019
 the Company&amp;#8217;s board of&#13;directors approved a private placement memorandum offering up to $300
000 or 150

 2019
 the Company issued 5
500 shares valued&#13;at $2.00 per share for a total value of $11

 2019
 the Company issued 1
295
000&#13;shares
 valued at $2.00 per share for a total value of $2
590

 2019
 June 30
 2019
 September 20
 2019 and December 31
 2019. The dividends resulted in the issuances of an aggregate of 56
520 shares&#13;of common stock with a value of $113

 2019
 the Company&#13;issued 11

 2019
 the Company&#13;issued 22
500 shares of common stock valued at $45
000 for legal and consulting fees. Additionally
 the Company authorized an aggregate&#13;of 176
021 shares with a value of $352
042 for legal and consulting fees that were issued subsequent to December 31

 2020
 the Company issued 5

 2020
 the Company issued 1
021

 2020
 the Company issued 796
650 shares&#13;of common stock to John Keeler&amp;#8217;s designee as partial payment of outstanding notes payable totaling to $1
593

 2020
 June&#13;30
 2020
 September 29
 2020 and December 31
 2020. The dividends resulted in the issuances of an aggregate of 52
286 shares of common&#13;stock with a value of $113

 2020
 the Company&#13;issued 115
814 shares of common stock valued at $189


 2020 and&#13;December 31
 2019
 approximately $139
380 and $2
251
300
 respectively

120
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest one year from the date of grant
 were issued to Christopher Constable
 the Company&amp;#8217;s former Chief Financial Officer
 under the 2018 Plan during the twelve months ended December 31
 2018 and have vested during the twelve months ended December 31

000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest as to 25% of the shares subject to the option each year from the date of grant
 were issued to various long-term employees under the 2018 Plan during the twelve months ended December 31

000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest as to 20% of the shares subject to the option each year from the date of grant
 were issued to Zoty Ponce under the 2018 Plan during the twelve months ended December 31

000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest as to 25% of the shares subject to the option each year from the date of grant
 were issued to various contractors during the twelve months ended December 31

 2019 since no options were granted for&#13;the twelve months ended December 31

 the&#13;fair value of the 705
000 options granted during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019 was estimated at $613
586 on the date of grant.&#13;For the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the unrecognized portion of the expense remaining outstanding was $327
852 and&#13;$467
232
 respectively. The weighted average period of unrecognized stock options compensation that is expected to be recognized as expense&#13;is approximately 7 years. During the twelve months ended December 31
 2019
 an aggregate of 15
000 shares subject to options were forfeited
&#13;none of which shares were vested
 which resulted in a reversal of the expense of $2


 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
240

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
120

210


135

120
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Outstanding - December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
810

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
120


280

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
810

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
280


000 and&#13;690
000 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019


 2020&#13;and 2019


 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4




 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31


054






222





 2020 and 2019

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;27

173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;18


897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;417

800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;661

150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;254

004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;42

504
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
512

504
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
512

504

512

 2020
 the Company&#13;has federal net operating loss of $4
186

 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221; requires that&#13;a valuation allowance be established when it is &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; that all
 or a portion of
 deferred tax assets will&#13;not be recognized. A review of all available positive and negative evidence needs to be considered
 including the scheduled reversal of&#13;deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income
 and tax planning strategies. After consideration of all the information available
&#13;management believes that uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of its deferred tax assets and has
 therefore
 established&#13;a full valuation allowance as of December 31

 2020
 and 2019
 the Company has&#13;evaluated and concluded that there were no material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements.&#13;The Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to classify assessments
 if any
 for tax related interest as income tax expenses. No interest or penalties&#13;were recorded during the years ended December 31
 2020


 a related party through common family beneficial ownership (see Note 2). The lease which had a 20-year term
&#13;expiring in July 2021 was terminated on December 31
 2020
 upon the sale of the facility. The Company was a guarantor of the mortgage&#13;on the facility which had a zero balance at December 31
 2020. Therefore
 the Company did not record any liability related to the mortgage&#13;in the consolidated financial statements as the Company will not be called upon to perform under any guarantee
 in accordance with ASC&#13;460


600 and $237
400 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019


 2020
 the World Health Organization&#13;declared that the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) had become a pandemic
 and on March 13
 2020
 the U.S. President declared a National Emergency&#13;concerning the disease. Additionally
 in March 2020
 state governments in the Company&amp;#8217;s geographic operating area began instituting&#13;preventative shut down measures in order to combat the novel coronavirus pandemic. The coronavirus and actions taken to mitigate the&#13;spread of it have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of the geographical&#13;areas in which the Company operates. On March 27
 2020
 the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) was enacted&#13;to amongst other provisions
 provide emergency assistance for individuals
 families and businesses affected by the novel coronavirus&#13;pandemic for 2020 and into 2021. The Company&amp;#8217;s business not being deemed essential resulted in decreased financial performance&#13;that may not be indicative of future financial results. Government-mandated closures of businesses and shipping delays have affected&#13;our sales and inventory purchases. The Company continues to face uncertainty and increased risks concerning its employees
 customers
&#13;supply chain and government regulation. In April 2021


 2020 and 2019


721 shares for quarterly legal and consulting fees to be issued subsequently to December 31

 2021
 the Company issued 25

 2021
 the Company issued 10

 2021
 the Company issued 5

 2021
 the Company received proceeds of&#13;$371
944 and issued an unsecured promissory note to US Century in the principal amount of $371
944 in connection with a PPP Loan. The&#13;note accrues interest at 1.0% per annum
 matures five years from the date of issuance and is fully guaranteed by the SBA and may be forgiven&#13;provided certain criteria are met. The Company may apply for forgiveness after August 17
 2021 and may be required to make monthly payments&#13;of approximately $8
500 beginning June 2

 2021
 the board of directors increased&#13;the size of the Company&amp;#8217;s Board from two to five members and appointed Jeffrey J. Guzy
 Timothy McLellan and Trond Ringstad as directors
&#13;effective April 12
 2021

 the Company&#13;entered into one-year director service agreements with each of Messrs. Guzy
 McLellan and Ringstad and with each of the two current Board&#13;members

 each director&#13;will be issued $25
000 of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock for each year&amp;#8217;s service and on April 12
 2021
 the Company&#13;granted each director an option to purchase 100
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share

 2021
 Keeler &amp;#38; Co. and Coastal Pride&#13;entered into a loan and security agreement (&amp;#8220;Loan Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Lighthouse pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement
&#13;Lighthouse made available to Keeler &amp;#38; Co. and Coastal Pride (together
 the &amp;#8220;Borrowers&amp;#8221;) a $5
000
000 revolving line of&#13;credit for a term of thirty-six months

 or 80% of the net orderly&#13;liquidation value
 subject to an inventory sublimit of $2
500
000. The inventory portion of the loan will never exceed 50% of the outstanding&#13;balance. Interest on the line of credit is the prime rate (with a floor of 3.25%)
 plus 3.75%. The Borrowers paid Lighthouse a facility&#13;fee of $50
000 and will pay an additional facility fee of $25
000 on each anniversary of March 31

 the Company guaranteed the obligations&#13;of the Borrowers under the note and John Keeler
 Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 provided a personal guaranty&#13;of up to $1
000

450 borrowed from Lighthouse&#13;to repay all the outstanding indebtedness owed to the ACF as of March 31
 2021. As a result

    

 John Keeler &amp;#38; Co
 Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary
 and Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Coastal Pride&amp;#8221;)
&#13;a wholly owned subsidiary of John Keeler &amp;#38; Co.


 non-compete agreements

 and a reduction of the asset&amp;#8217;s carrying value&#13;in the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets when they occur. In accordance with its policies
 the Company performed an assessment&#13;of its finite-lived intangibles and goodwill and determined there was no impairment for the years ended December 31


 &lt;i&gt;Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
 when a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of&#13;an entity that is a variable interest entity (&amp;#8220;VIE&amp;#8221;)
 as defined in ASC 810
 the VIE must be consolidated into the financial&#13;statements of the reporting entity. The determination of which owner is the primary beneficiary of a VIE requires management to make significant&#13;estimates and judgments about the rights
 obligations

 2014
 the Company&amp;#8217;s stockholder&#13;was transferred the controlling interest of Strike the Gold Foods
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Strike&amp;#8221;)
 a related party entity which holds the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s inventory on consignment in United Kingdom (see Note 3). The Company evaluated its interest in Strike and determined that&#13;Strike is a VIE due to the Company&amp;#8217;s implicit interest in Strike and the fact that Strike and the Company were under common control&#13;after the transfer of the controlling interest. Moreover
 the Company determined that it is the primary beneficiary of Strike due to the&#13;fact that the Company had both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Strike and the obligation to absorb losses&#13;or the right to receive benefits from Strike. Therefore
 the Company consolidated Strike in its financial statements starting as of April&#13;1
 2014


 Bacolod Blue Star Export Corp. (&amp;#8220;Bacolod&amp;#8221;)
 Bicol Blue Star&#13;Export Co. (&amp;#8220;Bicol&amp;#8221;) and John Keeler Real Estate Holding (&amp;#8220;JK Real Estate&amp;#8221;)
 in light of ASC 810. The Company&#13;purchases inventory from Bacolod
 an exporter of pasteurized crab meat out of the Philippines. The Company purchased inventory
 via Bacolod
&#13;from Bicol. The Company leased its office and warehouse facility from JK Real Estate
 a landlord that is a related party through common&#13;family beneficial ownership until December 31

 Bacolod and Bicol have other customers besides the Company&#13;which will allow them to sustain their operations from selling their inventory to their other customers. As the Company concluded that&#13;Bacolod and Bicol are not VIE&amp;#8217;s and the Company is not deemed their primary beneficiary

 2020



 and will be cleared&#13;and applied to the line of credit. The Company has no access to this account
 and the purpose of the funds is restricted to repayment&#13;of the line of credit. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash

 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;41
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Total cash
 cash equivalents





 2020
 and 2019
 the Company&#13;recorded sales return and allowances and refund liability of approximately $62
800 and $59
100
 respectively. There was no allowance&#13;for bad debt recorded during the years ended December 31


 cost being determined using the first-in

000 and $1
958
000 as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019

 inventory turnover and current stock levels. Inventory write-downs are charged to cost of goods sold. The Company&#13;recorded an inventory allowance of approximately $71
400 and $40
800 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31


 the Company may&#13;advance payments to its suppliers
 inclusive of Bacolod
 a related party. These advances are in the form of prepayments for products that&#13;will ship within a short window of time. In the event that it becomes necessary for the Company to return products or adjust for quality&#13;issues

 2020
 and 2019
 the balance due&#13;from the related party for future shipments was approximately $1
300
000 and $1
286
000
 respectively. No new purchases have been made&#13;from Bacolod since November 2020. Cost of revenue related to inventories purchased from Bacolod represented approximately $1
280
000&#13;and $9
531
000 of total cost of revenue for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019


 2020 and 2019
 the Company believes the carrying&#13;values of its long-lived assets are recoverable and as such


 &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;


 the VIE was assessed as no longer being a VIE. The VIE results were translated into U.S. Dollars&#13;at exchange rates in effect at the end of each reporting period. The VIE&amp;#8217;s revenue and expenses were translated into U.S. Dollars&#13;at the average rates that prevailed during the period. The rates used in the financial statements as presented for December 31
 2020&#13;and 2019 were 1.260 and 1.337 US dollar to UK pound sterling
 respectively. The resulting net translation gains and losses are reported&#13;as foreign currency translation adjustments in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity as a component of comprehensive (loss) income. The Company&#13;recorded foreign currency translation adjustment of approximately $23
700 and $50
100 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December&#13;31
 2019


 2018 adoption of ASU&#13;2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
&amp;#8221; and the associated ASUs (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Topic 606&amp;#8221;)
&#13;the Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration&#13;which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company&amp;#8217;s source of revenue is from importing&#13;blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 the Philippines and China and distributing it in the United States and Canada&#13;under several brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
 Crab &amp;#38; Go
 First Choice
 Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh. We sell&#13;primarily to food service distributors. We also sell our products to wholesalers

 the Company performs the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s)&#13;with a customer by receipt of purchase orders and confirmations sent by the Company which includes a required line of credit approval&#13;process
 (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract which includes shipment of goods to the customer FOB shipping point&#13;or destination
 (3) determine the transaction price which initiates with the purchase order received from the customer and confirmation&#13;sent by the Company and will include discounts and allowances by customer if any

 thereby reducing the amount of revenue recognized


200 and $81
700
 for the years ended&#13;December 31
 2020 and 2019

    

 2020. The Company had three customers which accounted for 46% of revenue&#13;during the years ended December 31
 2019. Outstanding receivables from these customers accounted for approximately 19% of the total accounts&#13;receivable as of December 31
 2020 and 2019. The loss of any major customer could have a material adverse impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;results of operations


 2020. These five suppliers are located in&#13;the United States
 Indonesia
 Sri Lanka
 Mexico and the Philippines
 which accounted for approximately 93% of the Company&amp;#8217;s total&#13;purchases during the year. During 2020

 2019
 and a one-time purchase from a United&#13;States based supplier that accounted for approximately 21% of purchases. The two suppliers are located in two countries
 Indonesia
 and&#13;the Philippines
 which accounted for approximately 65% of the Company&amp;#8217;s total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2019.&#13;These suppliers included Bacolod
 a related party
 which accounted for approximately 27% of the Company&amp;#8217;s total purchases during&#13;the year ended December 31



 accounts&#13;receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses


 Earnings per Share
 which requires disclosure on the financial statements of &amp;#8220;basic&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;diluted&amp;#8221;&#13;earnings (loss) per share. Basic earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of&#13;common shares outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average&#13;number of common shares outstanding plus common stock equivalents (if dilutive) related to stock options and warrants for each year. As&#13;further described in Footnote 6 - Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 1
413 shares of Preferred Stock&#13;could be converted into 706
500 shares of common stock. As further described in Footnote 7 &amp;#8211; Options &amp;#38; Warrants
 as of December&#13;31
 2020 and 2019
 3
120
000 and 3
280
000 options may be exercised
 respectively
 and 353

 2020 and December 31
 2019


 &amp;#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation&amp;#8221;. ASC 718 requires companies to measure the cost of employee&#13;services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
 including stock options
 based on the grant-date fair value of the award&#13;and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award

 Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Based Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to&#13;Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting (&amp;#8220;ASU 2018-07&amp;#8221;)
 which aligns accounting for share-based payments issued to nonemployees&#13;to that of employees under the existing guidance of Topic 718


 controls
 is controlled by
 or is under common control with the Company.&#13;Related parties also include principal owners of the Company
 its management

 2020
 and 2019
 there was approximately&#13;$392
000 and $350

    

 2018
 the Company was taxed under&#13;the provisions of subchapter S of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these provisions
 the Company did not pay corporate federal income&#13;taxes on its taxable income but was liable for Florida corporate income taxes and Texas Franchise Tax. The shareholder was liable for&#13;individual income taxes on the Company&amp;#8217;s taxable income. Post-merger

 computed using enacted tax rates.&#13;A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. As changes in tax laws or rates are&#13;enacted

 with a tax examination being presumed&#13;to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination.&#13;For tax positions not meeting the &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; test




 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;41
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Total cash
 cash equivalents



    

 liabilities&#13;and non-controlling interest related to Strike as of July 1
 2020
 the deconsolidation date
 and December 31














919&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4

626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;244







 identifiable assets acquired

622&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Common stock
 1
295
000 shares of BSFC common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
590

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4% Unsecured
 Convertible promissory note payable to seller&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;210

694


141

562






250




161

249


694




057

048

201






395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Balance








250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(104

145

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(10


140


963








170


 2019 since no options were granted for&#13;the twelve months ended December 31



 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
240

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
120

210


135

120
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Outstanding - December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
810

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
120


280

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
810

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
280



 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4





 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31


054






222






 2020 and 2019

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;27

173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;18


897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;417

800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;661

150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;254

004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;42

504
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
512

504
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
512

504

512

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12
&#13;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (&amp;#8220;ASU 2019-12&amp;#8221;)
 which is intended to simplify various&#13;aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also&#13;clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods&#13;within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2020

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
 Financial&#13;Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
 which requires entities to use a forward-looking
&#13;expected loss model to estimate credit losses. It also requires entities to consider additional disclosures related to credit quality&#13;of trade and other receivables
 including information related to management&amp;#8217;s estimate of credit allowances. ASU 2016-13 was further&#13;amended in November 2018 by ASU 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 236
 Financial Instrument-Credit Losses. For public business&#13;entities that are U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filers excluding smaller reporting companies
 the amendments are effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other public business&#13;entities
 the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020
 including interim periods within those fiscal&#13;years. On October 16
 2019
 FASB voted to delay implementation of ASU No. 2016-13
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326)&#13;- Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.&amp;#8221; For all other entities
 the amendments are now effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15
 2021
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022. Early adoption is permitted&#13;for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15


 2019

 net.&#13;All other leases are categorized as operating leases. We did not have any finance leases as of December 31

 reduced by landlord incentives

&#13;terminate the lease before the contractual expiration date
 or purchase the leased asset
 and it is reasonably certain that we will exercise&#13;the option

&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;99
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;69

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash used in operating activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;ROU assets recognized in exchange for lease obligations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28


 2020

552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;108
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: amount of lease payments representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Present value of future minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;99
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: current obligations under leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(29
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-current obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;69


 2020

552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;108
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: amount of lease payments representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Present value of future minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;99
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: current obligations under leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(29
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-current obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;69




 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash used in operating activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;ROU assets recognized in exchange for lease obligations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28


&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;99
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;69


 John Keeler &amp;#38; Co
 Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary
 and Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Coastal Pride&amp;#8221;)
&#13;a wholly owned subsidiary of John Keeler &amp;#38; Co.

 non-compete agreements

 and a reduction of the asset&amp;#8217;s carrying value&#13;in the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets when they occur. In accordance with its policies
 the Company performed an assessment&#13;of its finite-lived intangibles and goodwill and determined there was no impairment for the years ended December 31

 &lt;i&gt;Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
 when a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of&#13;an entity that is a variable interest entity (&amp;#8220;VIE&amp;#8221;)
 as defined in ASC 810
 the VIE must be consolidated into the financial&#13;statements of the reporting entity. The determination of which owner is the primary beneficiary of a VIE requires management to make significant&#13;estimates and judgments about the rights
 obligations

 2014
 the Company&amp;#8217;s stockholder&#13;was transferred the controlling interest of Strike the Gold Foods
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Strike&amp;#8221;)
 a related party entity which holds the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s inventory on consignment in United Kingdom (see Note 3). The Company evaluated its interest in Strike and determined that&#13;Strike is a VIE due to the Company&amp;#8217;s implicit interest in Strike and the fact that Strike and the Company were under common control&#13;after the transfer of the controlling interest. Moreover
 the Company determined that it is the primary beneficiary of Strike due to the&#13;fact that the Company had both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Strike and the obligation to absorb losses&#13;or the right to receive benefits from Strike. Therefore
 the Company consolidated Strike in its financial statements starting as of April&#13;1
 2014


 Bacolod Blue Star Export Corp. (&amp;#8220;Bacolod&amp;#8221;)
 Bicol Blue Star&#13;Export Co. (&amp;#8220;Bicol&amp;#8221;) and John Keeler Real Estate Holding (&amp;#8220;JK Real Estate&amp;#8221;)
 in light of ASC 810. The Company&#13;purchases inventory from Bacolod
 an exporter of pasteurized crab meat out of the Philippines. The Company purchased inventory
 via Bacolod
&#13;from Bicol. The Company leased its office and warehouse facility from JK Real Estate
 a landlord that is a related party through common&#13;family beneficial ownership until December 31

 Bacolod and Bicol have other customers besides the Company&#13;which will allow them to sustain their operations from selling their inventory to their other customers. As the Company concluded that&#13;Bacolod and Bicol are not VIE&amp;#8217;s and the Company is not deemed their primary beneficiary

 2020


 and will be cleared&#13;and applied to the line of credit. The Company has no access to this account
 and the purpose of the funds is restricted to repayment&#13;of the line of credit. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash

 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;55
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;153
904&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;282
043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash shown in the cash flow statement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;337
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;195


 2020
 and 2019
 the Company&#13;recorded sales return and allowances and refund liability of approximately $62
800 and $59
100
 respectively. There was no allowance for&#13;bad debt recorded during the years ended December 31

 cost being determined using the first-in

000 and $1
958
000 as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019

 inventory turnover and current stock levels. Inventory write-downs are charged to cost of goods sold. The Company&#13;recorded an inventory allowance of approximately $71
400 and $40
800 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31

 the Company may&#13;advance payments to its suppliers
 inclusive of Bacolod
 a related party. These advances are in the form of prepayments for products that&#13;will ship within a short window of time. In the event that it becomes necessary for the Company to return products or adjust for quality&#13;issues

 2020
 and 2019
 the balance due&#13;from the related party for future shipments was approximately $1
300
000 and $1
286
000
 respectively. No new purchases have been made&#13;from Bacolod since November 2020. Cost of revenue related to inventories purchased from Bacolod represented approximately $1
280
000 and&#13;$9
531
000 of total cost of revenue for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

 2020 and 2019
 the Company believes the carrying&#13;values of its long-lived assets are recoverable and as such

 &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;

 the VIE was assessed as no longer being a VIE. The VIE results were translated into U.S. Dollars&#13;at exchange rates in effect at the end of each reporting period. The VIE&amp;#8217;s revenue and expenses were translated into U.S. Dollars&#13;at the average rates that prevailed during the period. The rates used in the financial statements as presented for December 31
 2020 and&#13;2019 were 1.260 and 1.337 US dollar to UK pound sterling
 respectively. The resulting net translation gains and losses are reported as&#13;foreign currency translation adjustments in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity as a component of comprehensive (loss) income. The Company recorded&#13;foreign currency translation adjustment of approximately $23
700 and $50
100 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019

 2018 adoption of ASU&#13;2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
&amp;#8221; and the associated ASUs (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Topic 606&amp;#8221;)
&#13;the Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration&#13;which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company&amp;#8217;s source of revenue is from importing&#13;blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 the Philippines and China and distributing it in the United States and Canada&#13;under several brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
 Crab &amp;#38; Go
 First Choice
 Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh. We sell&#13;primarily to food service distributors. We also sell our products to wholesalers

 the Company performs the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s)&#13;with a customer by receipt of purchase orders and confirmations sent by the Company which includes a required line of credit approval&#13;process
 (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract which includes shipment of goods to the customer FOB shipping point&#13;or destination
 (3) determine the transaction price which initiates with the purchase order received from the customer and confirmation&#13;sent by the Company and will include discounts and allowances by customer if any

 thereby reducing the amount of revenue recognized

 2019

 net.&#13;All other leases are categorized as operating leases. We did not have any finance leases as of December 31

 reduced by landlord incentives

&#13;terminate the lease before the contractual expiration date
 or purchase the leased asset
 and it is reasonably certain that we will exercise&#13;the option

&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;99
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;69

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash used in operating activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;ROU assets recognized in exchange for lease obligations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28


 2020

552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;108
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: amount of lease payments representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Present value of future minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;99
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: current obligations under leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(29
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-current obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;69

200 and $81
700
 for the years ended December&#13;31
 2020 and 2019

 2020. The Company had three customers which accounted for 46% of revenue during&#13;the years ended December 31
 2019. Outstanding receivables from these customers accounted for approximately 19% of the total accounts&#13;receivable as of December 31
 2020 and 2019. The loss of any major customer could have a material adverse impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;results of operations

 2020. These five suppliers are located in&#13;the United States
 Indonesia
 Sri Lanka
 Mexico and the Philippines
 which accounted for approximately 93% of the Company&amp;#8217;s total&#13;purchases during the year. During 2020

 2019
 and a one-time purchase from a United&#13;States based supplier that accounted for approximately 21% of purchases. The two suppliers are located in two countries
 Indonesia
 and&#13;the Philippines
 which accounted for approximately 65% of the Company&amp;#8217;s total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2019.&#13;These suppliers included Bacolod
 a related party
 which accounted for approximately 27% of the Company&amp;#8217;s total purchases during&#13;the year ended December 31


 accounts receivable
&#13;accounts payable
 accrued expenses

 Earnings per Share
 which requires disclosure on the financial statements of &amp;#8220;basic&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;diluted&amp;#8221;&#13;earnings (loss) per share. Basic earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of&#13;common shares outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average&#13;number of common shares outstanding plus common stock equivalents (if dilutive) related to stock options and warrants for each year. As&#13;further described in Footnote 6 - Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 1
413 shares of Preferred Stock&#13;could be converted into 706
500 shares of common stock. As further described in Footnote 7 &amp;#8211; Options &amp;#38; Warrants
 as of December&#13;31
 2020 and 2019
 3
120
000 and 3
280
000 options may be exercised
 respectively
 and 353

 2020 and December 31
 2019

 &amp;#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation&amp;#8221;. ASC 718 requires companies to measure the cost of employee&#13;services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
 including stock options
 based on the grant-date fair value of the award&#13;and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award

 Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Based Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to&#13;Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting (&amp;#8220;ASU 2018-07&amp;#8221;)
 which aligns accounting for share-based payments issued to nonemployees&#13;to that of employees under the existing guidance of Topic 718

 controls
 is controlled by
 or is under common control with the Company.&#13;Related parties also include principal owners of the Company
 its management

 2020
 and 2019
 there was approximately&#13;$392
000 and $350

 2018
 the Company was taxed under&#13;the provisions of subchapter S of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these provisions
 the Company did not pay corporate federal income&#13;taxes on its taxable income but was liable for Florida corporate income taxes and Texas Franchise Tax. The shareholder was liable for&#13;individual income taxes on the Company&amp;#8217;s taxable income. Post-merger

 computed using enacted tax rates.&#13;A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. As changes in tax laws or rates are&#13;enacted

 with a tax examination being presumed&#13;to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination.&#13;For tax positions not meeting the &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; test


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12
&#13;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (&amp;#8220;ASU 2019-12&amp;#8221;)
 which is intended to simplify various&#13;aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also&#13;clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods&#13;within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2020

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
 Financial&#13;Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
 which requires entities to use a forward-looking
&#13;expected loss model to estimate credit losses. It also requires entities to consider additional disclosures related to credit quality&#13;of trade and other receivables
 including information related to management&amp;#8217;s estimate of credit allowances. ASU 2016-13 was further&#13;amended in November 2018 by ASU 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 236
 Financial Instrument-Credit Losses. For public business&#13;entities that are U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filers excluding smaller reporting companies
 the amendments are effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other public business&#13;entities
 the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020
 including interim periods within those fiscal&#13;years. On October 16
 2019
 FASB voted to delay implementation of ASU No. 2016-13
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326)&#13;- Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.&amp;#8221; For all other entities
 the amendments are now effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15
 2021
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022. Early adoption is permitted&#13;for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15


 2016
 the Company entered into a $14
000
000&#13;revolving line of credit pursuant to a loan and security agreement with ACF Finco I
 LP (&amp;#8220;ACF&amp;#8221;)
 the proceeds of which were&#13;used to pay off the prior line of credit
 pay new loan costs of approximately $309
000
 and provide additional working capital to the&#13;Company. This facility was secured by all assets of John Keeler &amp;#38; Co.
 Inc. and was amended on November 18
 2016
 June 19
 2017
 October&#13;16
 2017
 September 19
 2018
 November 8
 2018
 July 29
 2019
 November 26
 2019 and May 7


 subject to certain defined limitations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The line is collateralized by substantially all the assets and property of the Company and is personally guaranteed by the stockholder of the Company. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company is restricted to specified distribution payments
 use of funds

 2019
 Inc. the Company entered into&#13;the seventh amendment to the loan and security agreement with ACF. This amendment memorialized the acquisition of Coastal Pride and made&#13;Coastal Pride a co-borrower to the facility. Additionally
 the seventh amendment waived and reset the covenant default that occurred during&#13;2019 and extended the term of the facility to 5 years and is subject to early termination by the lender upon defined events of default.&#13;During the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company was in violation of its minimum EBITDA covenant as well as exceeding the covenant&#13;related to monies advanced to Bacolod by approximately $105

 2020

 2020

 2020
 and 2019
 the line of credit&#13;had an outstanding balance of approximately $1
805
000 and $6
918
000

 which approximates the interest method
 over the term of the credit facility. The Company added loan costs associated with the&#13;working capital lines of credit of approximately $70
000 and $25
000 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 leaving balances&#13;in the asset of $2
992 and $5
470
 respectively
 net of approximately $585
000 and $513
000 of accumulated amortization as of December&#13;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The Company recorded amortization expense of approximately $72
000 and $129
000 during the years ended&#13;December 31
 2020 and 2019

 2021
 Keeler &amp;#38; Co. and Coastal Pride&#13;entered into a loan and security agreement (the &amp;#8220;Loan Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Lighthouse Financial Corp.

299
700 and $2
910
000 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. These notes are payable&#13;on demand
 bear an annual interest rate of 6% and are subordinated to the working capital line of credit. Principal payments were not&#13;permitted under the subordination agreement with ACF
 that was effective August 31
 2016. During 2020
 a principal payment of approximately&#13;$17
000 was made. An additional principal settlement of $1
593
300 was made in December 2020 by the issuance of 796

 2019
 the Company issued a four-month&#13;promissory note in the principal amount of $1
000
000 (the &amp;#8220;Kenar Note&amp;#8221;) to Kenar Overseas Corp.
 a company registered in&#13;Panama (&amp;#8220;Kenar&amp;#8221;)
 the term of which was previously extended to March 31
 2020 after which time
 on May 21
 2020
 the Kenar&#13;Note was amended to (i) set the maturity date at March 31
 2021 
 (ii) provide that the Company use one-third of any capital raise from&#13;the sale of its equity to reduce the outstanding principal under the Kenar Note
 (iii) set the interest rate at 18% per annum
 payable&#13;monthly commencing October 1
 2020
 and (iv) reduce the number of pledged shares by Mr. Keeler to 4
000
000. As consideration for Kenar&amp;#8217;s&#13;agreement to amend the note
 on May 27
 2020
 the Company issued 1
021
266 shares of common stock to Kenar. The outstanding principal&#13;amount of the note at December 31
 2020 was $872

 this treatment resulted in the cost of the modification paid in common stock&#13;with a value of $2
655

700 during the year ended December 31

 2019
 the Company issued a four-month&#13;unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 (the &amp;#8220;Lobo Note&amp;#8221;) to Lobo Holdings
 LLLP
 a stockholder in the&#13;Company (&amp;#8220;Lobo&amp;#8221;). The Lobo Note bears interest at the rate of 18% per annum. The Lobo Note may be prepaid in whole or in part&#13;without penalty. John Keeler
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 pledged 1
000
000 shares of common stock&#13;of the Company to secure the Company&amp;#8217;s obligations under the Lobo Note. The Lobo Note matured on August 2
 2019 and was extended&#13;through December 2
 2019 on the same terms and conditions. On November 15
 2019
 the Company paid off the Lobo Note with the issuance&#13;to Lobo of an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 which bears interest at the rate of 15% and matured on March&#13;31
 2020. On April 1
 2020 the Company paid off the November 15
 2019 note with the issuance of a six-month unsecured promissory note&#13;in the principal amount of $100
000
 which bears interest at the rate of 10% and matured on October 1
 2020. On October 1
 2020
 the Company&#13;paid off the April 1
 2020 note with the issuance of a three-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
 which&#13;bears interest at the rate of 10% and matured on December 31
 2020. On January 1
 2021
 the Company paid off the October 1
 2020 note&#13;with the issuance of a six-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
 which bears interest at the rate of 10%&#13;per annum and matures on June 30

200 during the year ended December 31

 2019
 the Company issued a&#13;five-year unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 to Walter Lubkin Jr. as part of the purchase price for the&#13;acquisition of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. The note bears and interest rate of 4% per annum. The note is payable quarterly based on&#13;an amount equal to the lesser of (i) $25
000 or (ii) 25% of the EBITDA of Coastal Pride
 as determined on the first day of each&#13;quarter. The first payment was scheduled for February 26
 2020
 however

100 during the year ended December 31

 2019
 the Company issued a thirty-nine-month&#13;unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $87
842 to Walter Lubkin III as part the purchase price for the Coastal Pride acquisition.&#13;The note bears interest at the rate of 4% per annum. The note is payable in equal quarterly payments over six quarters beginning August&#13;26
 2021. At the election of the holder
 at any time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note

500 during the year ended December 31

 2019
 the Company issued a thirty-nine-month&#13;unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $71
372 to Tracy Greco as part of the purchase price for the Coastal Pride acquisition.&#13;The note bears interest at the rate of 4% per annum. The note is payable in equal quarterly payments over six quarters beginning August&#13;26
 2021. At the election of the holder
 at any time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note

800 during the year ended December 31

 2019
 the Company issued a thirty-nine-month&#13;unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $50
786 to John Lubkin as part the Coastal Pride acquisition. The note bears interest&#13;at the rate of 4% per annum. The note is payable in equal quarterly payments over six quarters beginning August 26
 2021. At the election&#13;of the holder
 at any time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note

000 during the year ended December 31

 2020
 the Company issued an unsecured&#13;promissory note to US Century Bank in the principal amount of $344
762 related to the CARES Act Payroll Protection Program (&amp;#8220;PPP&#13;Loan&amp;#8221;). This note is fully guaranteed by the Small Business Administration (&amp;#8220;SBA&amp;#8221;) and may be forgivable provided that&#13;certain criteria are met. The note has a two-year maturity and accrues interest at 1% per annum. The Company is required to make payments&#13;on the remaining principal of the note net of any loan forgiveness beginning November 17
 2020. In September 2020
 the Company applied&#13;for the loan forgiveness by SBA through US Century Bank for the full amount which was granted in November 2020 and was recognized as other&#13;income in the consolidated statement of operations for the twelve months ended December 31

 2020
 the Company through Strike
 its former&#13;variable interest entity
 issued a six-year unsecured promissory note to HSBC Bank plc in the principal amount of $43
788 related to the&#13;Bounce Back Loan Scheme
 managed by the British Business Bank. This note is fully guaranteed by the UK Secretary of State for Business
&#13;Energy and Industrial Strategy and accrues interest at 2.5% per annum. As a result of the deconsolidation of Strike as a VIE during the&#13;third quarter of 2020






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 2018 to November



      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      



 Indonesia
 Sri Lanka



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      



 net (including VIE $20




 net (including VIE $95



      






      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.0001 par value; 10
000 shares authorized
 1
413 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and December 31




 $0.0001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized; 19
580
721 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020
 and 17
589
705 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


















      


















      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      


      





      






      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      













      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      





      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      


 cash equivalents


      

      


      

      

      

      


















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      





      

      














      






      


      


      

      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      






      


      


      


      





      

      


      


      


      




      


      


      


      



 1
295



      






      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      




      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      

      


      





      

      




      




      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


















      










































































      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

























      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      











      

      



 revolving credit conversion to term loan



      


      

      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      


      

      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      

      


      



 Philippines



      




      

      


      

      

      

      




      

      


      






      

      


 2018 to November



      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      
















      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      







      




      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      


 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest


      







      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



 Operating Lease
 Liability



 Operating Lease
 Liability


      

      


 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


      


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities






 Expected Amortization



 Expected Amortization



 Expected Amortization



 Expected Amortization



 Expected Amortization



 Expected Amortization



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Exercisable



 Property



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits





      



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2020
Apr. 15
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020








































  2020

























































































































344
524



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



633
161


















































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Cash and cash equivalents (including VIE $8
725 for 2019)

644


904





043


906



Accounts receivable
 net (including VIE $20
321 for 2019)

082
468


071
363



Inventory
 net (including VIE $95
441 for 2019)

832
661


984
492





299
984


285
935



Other current assets (including VIE $3
679 for 2019)

925


700





729
725


780
300





545





FIXED ASSETS
 net

064


908





472


206
931



INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 net








614


278





145
831


241
667





171


167





963
616


126
112





395


395





088


418





821
905


746
064










Accounts payable and accruals (including VIE $30
649 for 2019)

607
490


528
466





805
907


917
968





337


952





000


364





500


500





299
712


910
136





346
838







256
784


566
386












844


089
390





000


000





841
628


265
776










Series A 8% cumulative convertible preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value; 10
000 shares authorized
 1
413 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019






Common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized; 19
580
721 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020
 and 17
589
705 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019

958


761





488
836


789
021





510
517)


952
466)





723)


684)







250)







222







028)





723)


712)





821
905


746
064






























































































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).




























Aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due after one year (or one business cycle).















































































































































Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




























Portion of equity (net assets) in a variable interest entity (VIE) not attributable
 directly or indirectly
 to the parent entity. That is
 this is the portion of equity in a VIE that is attributable to the noncontrolling interest (previously referred to as minority interest).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.



















































































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount of cash restricted as to withdrawal or usage
 classified as current. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

580
721


589
705



Common stock
 shares outstanding

580
721


589
705










Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Preferred stock
 shares issued

413


413



Preferred stock
 shares outstanding

413


413





















649














679














441














321














725



























































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
















































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









REVENUE
 NET

111
368


829
463





623
576


610
000





487
792


219
463





594


671





286
879


897
541





341


089





639
484


953
069





803
506)


952
907)





667







655
292)







303)


068
796)





437
434)


021
703)





577


417)





445
011)


986
286)





040


041





558
051)


099
327)












700


141





277


724





445
011)


986
286)





122)


413)





443
889)


990
699)





443
889)


990
699)



















257
491


201
766












257
491


201
766























































































































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.



















































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount
 before tax
 of income (loss) including portion attributable to noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 income (loss) from continuing operations
 discontinued operations and equity method investments.


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.

























































Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to noncontrolling interests.




























Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).




























Amount
 before tax and after reclassification
 of gain (loss) from derivative instrument designated and qualifying cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness
 attributable to noncontrolling interest.

























































Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























Amount of expense for salary and wage arising from service rendered by nonofficer employee. Excludes allocated cost
 labor-related nonsalary expense
 and direct and overhead labor cost included in cost of good and service sold.




























Primarily represents commissions incurred in the period based upon the sale by commissioned employees or third parties of the entity's goods or services
 and fees for sales assistance or product enhancements performed by third parties (such as a distributor or value added reseller).




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Balance at Dec. 31
 2018



603


404
774


853
139)


762)


752)


514)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2018

413


023
164



















998




000




000



Common Stock Issued for Cash
 shares



000



















999)




000)




000)



Cancellation of issued shares for cash
 shares



000)



















022




042




042



Common Stock Issued for Service
 shares



521



















999




000




000



Common Stock Incentive Issued to Employees
 shares



500



















589
870




590
000




590
000



Common Stock Issued For Coastal Pride Acquisition
 shares



295
000



















251
322




251
322




251
322









035


041)









Series A Preferred 8% Dividend Issued in Common Stock
 shares



520





















986
286)


986
286)


417)


021
703)















141


141



Balance at Dec. 31
 2019



761


789
021


952
466)


684)


028)


712)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2019

413


589
705



















000




000




000



Common Stock Issued for Cash
 shares



000



















988




000




042



Common Stock Issued for Service
 shares



814



















655
192




655
292




655
292



Common stock issued to related party lender for forbearance
 shares



021
266



















593
220




593
300




593
300



Common Stock Issued to settle related party notes
 shares



650



















380




380




380









035


040)









Series A Preferred 8% Dividend Issued in Common Stock
 shares



286





















445
011)


445
011)


577


437
434)



Deconsolidation of Strike the Gold Foods
 Ltd.











751


751















700


700



Balance at Dec. 31
 2020



958


488
836


510
517)


723)




723)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2020

413


580
721

















Common stock issued to related party lender for forbearance
 shares.



















































































































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to noncontrolling interests.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.



















































































































Number of shares issued during the period to an employee benefit plan
 such as a defined contribution or defined benefit plan.




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.



















































































































Value of shares issued during the period to an employee benefit plan
 such as a defined contribution or defined benefit plan.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.













































































































































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Common stock
 par value













Preferred stock
 par value
















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











437
434)


021
703)












380


262
322





000


042





655
292







367


012





496


380





478


696





699


861





293







487







762)







819)







181)














656


517
585





023
473


804
241





049)


316)





315


930)





582)


450)





852







873
224)


576)





346
838







575
575


577
164












421)









667)





198







540)


038)





237


705)












000


000





775
660


545
968







100
000





788







762







887
721)


993
616)





124)


500)







866)





000)


000)





800
635)


509
014)





700


141



NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH
 CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH

877


414)



CASH
 CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH - BEGINNING OF PERIOD

810


226



CASH
 CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH - END OF PERIOD

687


810












040


041





137


257
751





000







593
300









590
000







000












693


068
796





































































































































































































































































































































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.

























































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.






















































































Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.






















































































The increase (decrease) in obligations owed to an entity that is controlling
 under the control of
 or within the same control group as the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the total amount due within one year (or one operating cycle) from all parties
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.














































































































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.






















































































Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash inflow from the sale of property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.

























































Amount of expense related loan transactions
 lease transactions
 credit loss from transactions other than loan and lease transactions
 and other loss based on assessment of uncollectability from the counterparty to reduce the account to their net realizable value.




























Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























Amount of cash outflow for the payment of debt classified as other
 maturing after one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Preferred stock
 dividend percentage















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








 Florida
 Blue Star Foods Corp. (&#8220;we&#8221;
&#8220;our&#8221;
 the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a sustainable seafood company. The Company&#8217;s main operating business
 John Keeler
&#38; Co.
 Inc. has been in business for approximately twenty-five years. The Company was formed under the laws of the State of Delaware.
The current source of revenue is importing blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 the Philippines and China and distributing
it in the United States
 Canada and Europe under several brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
 Crab &#38; Go
 First Choice
Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh.


 2018
 the sole shareholder of John
Keeler &#38; Co.
 Inc.
 John Keeler
 executed an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization with Blue Star Foods Corp. (formerly
A.G. Acquisition Group II
 Inc.) and Blue Star Acquisition Corp. pursuant to which he exchanged his 500 shares
 par value $1.00 per share
in John Keeler &#38; Co.
 Inc. for 15
000
000 shares
 par value $0.0001 per share of the then outstanding 16
015
000 outstanding shares.
As part of the merger
 the net liabilities existing in the company as of the date of the merger totaling approximately $2
400 were converted
to equity. The prior owners of Blue Star Foods Corp. received 750
000 shares of common stock as part of this transaction
 and various
service providers received 265
000 shares as compensation for their work on the transaction resulting in an expense and additional paid
in capital of $530
001. Additionally
 there were 725 Series A Preferred shares and 181
250 warrants issued to private placement offering
investors for a total capital contribution of $725
000
 688 Series A Preferred shares and 172
000 warrants issued for settlement with
prior investors which had a fair value of $688
000 and $81
353 respectively. Upon the close of the merger
 there were 3
120
000 options
to purchase common stock issued to Christopher Constable
 the Company&#8217;s then Chief Financial Officer. Additionally
 Carlos Faria
the Company&#8217;s then Chief Executive Officer
 held options to purchase 104 shares of John Keeler &#38; Co.
 Inc. prior to the merger.
These options were immediately converted at closing to an option to purchase 3
120
000 shares of common stock in the Company.


merger&#8221; and recapitalization since
 immediately following the completion of the transaction
 the holders of John Keeler &#38; Co.
Inc.&#8217;s stock had effective control of Blue Star Foods Corp. In addition
 John Keeler &#38; Co.
 Inc. had control of the combined
entity through control of the Board by designating all four of the board seats. Additionally
 all of John Keeler &#38; Co.
 Inc.&#8217;s
officers and senior executive positions continued as management of the combined entity after consummation of the Merger. For accounting
purposes
 John Keeler &#38; Co.
 Inc. was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction and
 consequently
 the transaction has
been treated as a recapitalization of Blue Star Foods Corp. Accordingly
 John Keeler &#38; Co.
 Inc.&#8217;s assets
 liabilities and results
of operations are the historical financial statements of the registrant
 and the John Keeler &#38; Co.
 Inc.&#8217;s assets
 liabilities
and results of operations have been consolidated with Blue Star Foods Corp effective as of the date of the closing of the Merger. No step-up
in basis or intangible assets or goodwill was recorded in this transaction.


 2019
 John Keeler &#38;
Co.
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;)
 and wholly-owned direct subsidiary of the Company
 entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the &#8220;Coastal Merger Agreement&#8221;) with Coastal Pride Company
 Inc.
 a South Carolina
corporation
 Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC
 a Florida limited liability company and newly-formed
 wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser
(the &#8220;Acquisition Subsidiary&#8221; and
 upon the effective date of the Merger
 the &#8220;Surviving Company)
 and The Walter F.
Lubkin
 Jr. Irrevocable Trust dated 1/8/03 (the &#8220;Trust&#8221;)
 Walter F. Lubkin III (&#8220;Lubkin III&#8221;)
 Tracy Lubkin Greco
(&#8220;Greco&#8221;) and John C. Lubkin (&#8220;Lubkin&#8221;)
 constituting all of the shareholders of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. immediately
prior to the Coastal Merger (collectively
 the &#8220;Sellers&#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the Coastal Merger Agreement
 Coastal
Pride Company
 Inc. merged with and into the Acquisition Subsidiary
 with the Acquisition Subsidiary being the surviving company (the
&#8220;Coastal Pride Merger&#8221;).


 based
in Beaufort
 South Carolina
 that imports pasteurized and fresh crabmeat sourced primarily from Mexico and Latin America and sells premium
branded label crabmeat throughout North America.



































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020












were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;).




accounts of the Company
 John Keeler &#38; Co
 Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary
 and Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC (&#8220;Coastal Pride&#8221;)
a wholly owned subsidiary of John Keeler &#38; Co.
 Inc. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets


of the acquired business in excess of the fair value of the tangible net assets recorded in connection with an acquisition. Other intangible
assets include customer relationships
 non-compete agreements
 and trademarks. The Company reviews its finite-lived intangibles and goodwill
for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and
may not be recoverable.


the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
 and a reduction of the asset&#8217;s carrying value
in the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets when they occur. In accordance with its policies
 the Company performed an assessment
of its finite-lived intangibles and goodwill and determined there was no impairment for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.




Accounting Standard Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 810
 
 when a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of
an entity that is a variable interest entity (&#8220;VIE&#8221;)
 as defined in ASC 810
 the VIE must be consolidated into the financial
statements of the reporting entity. The determination of which owner is the primary beneficiary of a VIE requires management to make significant
estimates and judgments about the rights
 obligations
 and economic interests of each interest holder in the VIE.


on an ongoing basis and consolidates any VIE in which it has a controlling financial interest and is deemed to be the primary beneficiary.
A controlling financial interest has both of the following characteristics: (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most
significantly impact its economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant
to it or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE.


 2014
 the Company&#8217;s stockholder
was transferred the controlling interest of Strike the Gold Foods
 Ltd. (&#8220;Strike&#8221;)
 a related party entity which holds the
Company&#8217;s inventory on consignment in United Kingdom (see Note 3). The Company evaluated its interest in Strike and determined that
Strike is a VIE due to the Company&#8217;s implicit interest in Strike and the fact that Strike and the Company were under common control
after the transfer of the controlling interest. Moreover
 the Company determined that it is the primary beneficiary of Strike due to the
fact that the Company had both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Strike and the obligation to absorb losses
or the right to receive benefits from Strike. Therefore
 the Company consolidated Strike in its financial statements starting as of April
1
 2014
 the effective date of the controlling interest transfer.


 the Company determined
that Strike was no longer a VIE because there was a verbal agreement with Strike that terminated the original agreement to hold the inventory
on consignment and Strike has not engaged in transactions with the Company or its subsidiaries in 2020.


party entities that are under common control with the Company
 Bacolod Blue Star Export Corp. (&#8220;Bacolod&#8221;)
 Bicol Blue Star
Export Co. (&#8220;Bicol&#8221;) and John Keeler Real Estate Holding (&#8220;JK Real Estate&#8221;)
 in light of ASC 810. The Company
purchases inventory from Bacolod
 an exporter of pasteurized crab meat out of the Philippines. The Company purchased inventory
 via Bacolod
from Bicol. The Company leased its office and warehouse facility from JK Real Estate
 a landlord that is a related party through common
family beneficial ownership until December 31
 2020. (see Note 7)


not VIE&#8217;s as they do not meet the criteria to be considered a VIE per ASC 810. The Company does not directly or indirectly absorb
any variability of Bacolod or Bicol. The relationship between the Company and Bacolod and Bicol is strictly a supplier/customer relationship
 accounting policy). Moreover
 Bacolod and Bicol have other customers besides the Company
which will allow them to sustain their operations from selling their inventory to their other customers. As the Company concluded that
Bacolod and Bicol are not VIE&#8217;s and the Company is not deemed their primary beneficiary
 Bacolod or Bicol is not consolidated with
the Company&#8217;s financial statements.


facility from JK Real Estate and no longer guarantees the mortgage on the facility and therefore is no longer considered a VIE. On December
31
 2020
 this facility was sold to an unrelated third-party purchaser and the lease was terminated.

Cash
 Restricted Cash and
Cash Equivalents


institutions in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Company (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses
on such accounts and believes it does not have a significant exposure.


with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.


designated cash collateral account as restricted cash. All cash proceeds must be deposited into cash collateral account
 and will be cleared
and applied to the line of credit. The Company has no access to this account
 and the purpose of the funds is restricted to repayment
of the line of credit. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash
 cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the
consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same such amounts in the consolidated statements of cash flows:



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
55
644
    
    
    
153
904
    

    
    
    
282
043
    
    
    
41
906
    

Total cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash shown in the cash flow statement
    
    
337
687
    
    
    
195
810
    





due from customers under normal trade terms
 usually net 30 days. The Company grants credit to its customers based on the Company&#8217;s
evaluation of a particular customer&#8217;s credit worthiness.


potential credit losses based on the age of the accounts receivable and the results of the Company&#8217;s periodic credit evaluations
of its customers&#8217; financial condition. Receivables are written off as uncollectible and deducted from the allowance for doubtful
accounts after collection efforts have been deemed to be unsuccessful. Subsequent recoveries are netted against the provision for doubtful
accounts expense. The Company generally does not charge interest on receivables.


accounts and sales return and allowances. They are stated at estimated net realizable value. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company
recorded sales return and allowances and refund liability of approximately $62
800 and $59
100
 respectively. There was no allowance for
bad debt recorded during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.




consists of packaged crab meat located at the Company&#8217;s warehouse facility as well as public cold storage facilities and merchandise
in transit from suppliers. The cost of inventory is primarily determined using the specific identification method. Inventory is valued
at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 cost being determined using the first-in
 first-out method.


point and becomes the Company&#8217;s asset and liability upon leaving the suppliers&#8217; warehouse. The Company had in-transit inventory
of approximately $522
000 and $1
958
000 as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 respectively.


in inventory and records an allowance to reduce the carrying value of inventory to the lower of cost or market based on its assessment
of market conditions
 inventory turnover and current stock levels. Inventory write-downs are charged to cost of goods sold. The Company
recorded an inventory allowance of approximately $71
400 and $40
800 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019.

Advances to Suppliers and
Related Party


 the Company may
advance payments to its suppliers
 inclusive of Bacolod
 a related party. These advances are in the form of prepayments for products that
will ship within a short window of time. In the event that it becomes necessary for the Company to return products or adjust for quality
issues
 the Company is issued a credit by the vendor in the normal course of business and these credits are also reflected against future
shipments.


 2020
 and 2019
 the balance due
from the related party for future shipments was approximately $1
300
000 and $1
286
000
 respectively. No new purchases have been made
from Bacolod since November 2020. Cost of revenue related to inventories purchased from Bacolod represented approximately $1
280
000 and
$9
531
000 of total cost of revenue for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




and are being depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



method over the shorter of the expected life of the improvement or the remaining lease term.


and additions and expenses those items which do not improve or extend the useful life of the fixed assets.


if events or changes in circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company believes the carrying
values of its long-lived assets are recoverable and as such
 the Company did not record any impairment.

Other Comprehensive (loss)
Income


in accordance with ASC 220
 
 which establishes standards for reporting and presenting comprehensive (loss)
income and its components in a full set of financial statements. Other comprehensive (loss) income consists of net income (loss) and cumulative
foreign currency translation adjustments.




is the U.S. Dollars. The assets and liabilities held by the Company&#8217;s previous VIE had a functional currency other than the U.S.
Dollar. In the third quarter of 2020
 the VIE was assessed as no longer being a VIE. The VIE results were translated into U.S. Dollars
at exchange rates in effect at the end of each reporting period. The VIE&#8217;s revenue and expenses were translated into U.S. Dollars
at the average rates that prevailed during the period. The rates used in the financial statements as presented for December 31
 2020 and
2019 were 1.260 and 1.337 US dollar to UK pound sterling
 respectively. The resulting net translation gains and losses are reported as
foreign currency translation adjustments in stockholders&#8217; equity as a component of comprehensive (loss) income. The Company recorded
foreign currency translation adjustment of approximately $23
700 and $50
100 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
respectively.




 2018 adoption of ASU
2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
&#8221; and the associated ASUs (collectively
 &#8220;Topic 606&#8221;)
the Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration
which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company&#8217;s source of revenue is from importing
blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 the Philippines and China and distributing it in the United States and Canada
under several brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
 Crab &#38; Go
 First Choice
 Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh. We sell
primarily to food service distributors. We also sell our products to wholesalers
 retail establishments and seafood distributors.


that the Company determines are within the scope of Topic 606
 the Company performs the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s)
with a customer by receipt of purchase orders and confirmations sent by the Company which includes a required line of credit approval
process
 (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract which includes shipment of goods to the customer FOB shipping point
or destination
 (3) determine the transaction price which initiates with the purchase order received from the customer and confirmation
sent by the Company and will include discounts and allowances by customer if any
 (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract which is the shipment of the goods to the customer and transaction price determined in step 3 above and (5)
recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation which is when the Company transfers control of the goods
to the customers by shipment or delivery of the products.


shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities. Consideration payable to a customer is recorded as a reduction of the arrangement&#8217;s
transaction price
 thereby reducing the amount of revenue recognized
 unless the payment is for distinct goods or services received from
the customer.




 2019
 we adopted Accounting Standards
Codification 842 and all the related amendments using the modified retrospective method. We recognized the cumulative effect of initially
applying the new lease standard as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. The comparative information has not been
restated and continues to be reported under the lease accounting standard in effect for those periods.


on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and lease obligations. We elected the practical expedients permitted under the transition
guidance of the new standard that retained the lease classification and initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior to adoption
of the standard. We did not reassess whether any contracts entered into prior to adoption are leases or contain leases.


than twelve months as either operating or finance. Finance leases are generally those leases that would allow us to substantially utilize
or pay for the entire asset over its estimated life. Assets acquired under finance leases are recorded in property and equipment
 net.
All other leases are categorized as operating leases. We did not have any finance leases as of December 31
 2020. Our leases generally
have terms that range from three years for equipment and six to seven years for property. We elected the accounting policy to include
both the lease and non-lease components of our agreements as a single component and account for them as a lease.


of the fixed lease payments using a discount rate based on similarly secured borrowings available to us. Lease assets are recognized based
on the initial present value of the fixed lease payments
 reduced by landlord incentives
 plus any direct costs from executing the leases.
Lease assets are tested for impairment in the same manner as long-lived assets used in operations. Leasehold improvements are capitalized
at cost and amortized over the lesser of their expected useful life or the lease term.


terminate the lease before the contractual expiration date
 or purchase the leased asset
 and it is reasonably certain that we will exercise
the option
 we consider these options in determining the classification and measurement of the lease. Costs associated with operating
lease assets are recognized on a straight-line basis within operating expenses over the term of the lease.


and liabilities recorded on the balance sheets.



    
    
December 31

2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
99
472
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
337
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
844
    






    
    
    
December 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
156
582
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
137
    



operating leases.



    
    
December 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 2020
 were as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
552
    

    
    
    
33
552
    

    
    
    
26
474
    

    
    
    
15
060
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
108
638
    

    
    
    
(9
457
    

    
    
    
99
181
    

    
    
    
(29
337
    

    
    
    
69
844
    





Advertising expenses which are included in Other Operating Expenses were approximately $7
200 and $81
700
 for the years ended December
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




approximately 26% of revenue in the year ended December 31
 2020. The Company had three customers which accounted for 46% of revenue during
the years ended December 31
 2019. Outstanding receivables from these customers accounted for approximately 19% of the total accounts
receivable as of December 31
 2020 and 2019. The loss of any major customer could have a material adverse impact on the Company&#8217;s
results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.




approximately 65% of the Company&#8217;s total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2020. These five suppliers are located in
the United States
 Indonesia
 Sri Lanka
 Mexico and the Philippines
 which accounted for approximately 93% of the Company&#8217;s total
purchases during the year. During 2020
 the Company purchased inventory from two non-affiliated Indonesian suppliers that made up the
balance of 25% of the supply concentration.


approximately 42% of the Company&#8217;s total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2019
 and a one-time purchase from a United
States based supplier that accounted for approximately 21% of purchases. The two suppliers are located in two countries
 Indonesia
 and
the Philippines
 which accounted for approximately 65% of the Company&#8217;s total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2019.
These suppliers included Bacolod
 a related party
 which accounted for approximately 27% of the Company&#8217;s total purchases during
the year ended December 31
 2019.


adverse impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.




 accounts receivable
accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and debt obligations. We believe the carrying values of our financial instruments approximate their
fair values because they are short term in nature or payable on demand.




to ASC 260
 Earnings per Share
 which requires disclosure on the financial statements of &#8220;basic&#8221; and &#8220;diluted&#8221;
earnings (loss) per share. Basic earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding plus common stock equivalents (if dilutive) related to stock options and warrants for each year. As
further described in Footnote 6 - Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 1
413 shares of Preferred Stock
could be converted into 706
500 shares of common stock. As further described in Footnote 7 &#8211; Options &#38; Warrants
 as of December
31
 2020 and 2019
 3
120
000 and 3
280
000 options may be exercised
 respectively
 and 353
250 warrants are exercisable.


31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 basic and diluted losses per share each year are the same.




in accordance with ASC 718
 &#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation&#8221;. ASC 718 requires companies to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
 including stock options
 based on the grant-date fair value of the award
and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award
 usually
the vesting period. The Company has elected to adopt ASU 2016-09 and has a policy to account for forfeitures as they occur.


awards to non-employees in accordance with ASU No. 2018-07
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Based Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to
Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting (&#8220;ASU 2018-07&#8221;)
 which aligns accounting for share-based payments issued to nonemployees
to that of employees under the existing guidance of Topic 718
 with certain exceptions.




in accordance with ASC 850 (&#8220;Related Party Disclosures&#8221;). A party is considered to be related to the Company if the party
directly or indirectly or through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by
 or is under common control with the Company.
Related parties also include principal owners of the Company
 its management
 members of the immediate families of principal owners of
the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence
the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing
its own separate interests. A party which can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties
or if it has an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or
more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests is also a related party.


 2020
 and 2019
 there was approximately
$392
000 and $350
900 in interest paid to related parties notes payable. See Note 6 Debt and Note 4 Consolidation of Variable Interest
Entity for further information.




to conform to the current year presentation.




 2018
 the Company was taxed under
the provisions of subchapter S of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these provisions
 the Company did not pay corporate federal income
taxes on its taxable income but was liable for Florida corporate income taxes and Texas Franchise Tax. The shareholder was liable for
individual income taxes on the Company&#8217;s taxable income. Post-merger
 the Company files consolidated federal and state income tax
returns.


income tax due and the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are the expected future tax
amounts for the temporary differences between carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities
 computed using enacted tax rates.
A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. As changes in tax laws or rates are
enacted
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes.


it is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with a tax examination being presumed
to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination.
For tax positions not meeting the &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; test
 no tax benefit is recorded.


and penalties on uncertain tax positions in &#8220;Income tax expense&#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were
no amounts related to interest and penalties recognized for the years ended December 31
 2020 or 2019.






 the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (&#8220;ASU 2019-12&#8221;)
 which is intended to simplify various
aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also
clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods
within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2020
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosure.

ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments &#8211; Credit
Losses (Topic 326)


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
 Financial
Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
 which requires entities to use a forward-looking
expected loss model to estimate credit losses. It also requires entities to consider additional disclosures related to credit quality
of trade and other receivables
 including information related to management&#8217;s estimate of credit allowances. ASU 2016-13 was further
amended in November 2018 by ASU 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 236
 Financial Instrument-Credit Losses. For public business
entities that are U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filers excluding smaller reporting companies
 the amendments are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other public business
entities
 the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020
 including interim periods within those fiscal
years. On October 16
 2019
 FASB voted to delay implementation of ASU No. 2016-13
 &#8220;Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326)
- Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.&#8221; For all other entities
 the amendments are now effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2021
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022. Early adoption is permitted
for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2018. The Company continues to evaluate
the impact of these amendments to the Company&#8217;s financial position and results of operations and currently expect no material impact
of the adoption of the amendments on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








and notes have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. Although the company has positive cash flow from
operations for the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company incurred a net loss of $4
437
434
 has an accumulated deficit of $13
510
517
and working capital deficit of $2
257
059
 inclusive of $1
299
712 in subordinated stockholder debt. These circumstances raise substantial
doubt as to the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent upon the Company&#8217;s ability to increase revenues
 execute on its business plan to acquire complimentary companies
 raise
capital
 and to continue to sustain adequate working capital to finance its operations. The failure to achieve the necessary levels of
profitability and cash flows would be detrimental to the Company. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








 2014
 the Company&#8217;s stockholder
was transferred the controlling interest of Strike the Gold Foods Ltd. (&#8220;Strike&#8221;)
 a related party entity based in the United
Kingdom. The Company concluded that Strike was a variable interest entity (&#8220;VIE&#8221;) and the Company was the primary beneficiary
of Strike
 in accordance with ASC 810
 Consolidation. Therefore
 the Company consolidated Strike in its financial statements. Strike&#8217;s
activities were reflected in the Company&#8217;s financial statements starting on April 1
 2014
 the effective date of the controlling
interest transfer. The equity of Strike was classified as non-controlling interest in the Company&#8217;s financial statements since the
Company is not a shareholder of Strike.


 the Company determined
that Strike was no longer a VIE because there was a verbal agreement with Strike that terminated the original agreement to hold Company
inventory on consignment and Strike has not engaged in transactions with the Company or its subsidiaries in 2020. In addition
 as of July
1
 2020
 the Company neither directly or indirectly absorbs any variability of Strike nor holds the power to direct the activities of
Strike that most significantly impact its economic performance and Strike was also able to finance its activities without financial support
from the Company. The Company deconsolidated Strike on July 1
 2020 and the income and loss for the VIE is recognized in the Company&#8217;s
income statement through the deconsolidation date. As a result of such deconsolidation
 the Company no longer recognizes the carrying
value of the noncontrolling interest as a component of total shareholder&#8217;s equity resulting in a reduction of $468
673 of noncontrolling
interest and $141
922 from accumulated other comprehensive income on its consolidated balance sheet. Further
 the Company derecognized
approximately $8
421 of effect of exchange rate changes on cash of Strike as of July 1
 2020 which is reflected in its consolidated statement
of cash flows for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020. There is no other material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated balance
sheet
 consolidated cash flows or consolidated statement of operations resulting from deconsolidation of Strike.


the effects were not material to the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position and results of operations for all periods presented.
Strike remains a related party to the Company after deconsolidation and there is a long-term receivable from Strike to the Company for
$455
545 as of December 31
 2020. There were no transactions between the Company and Strike since November 2020.


 liabilities
and non-controlling interest related to Strike as of July 1
 2020
 the deconsolidation date
 and December 31
 2019.



    
    
July 1
 2020
    

    
    
    
100
698
    

    
    
    
(427
449
    

    
    
    
(468
673
    

    
    
    
141
922
    




    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
128
166
    

    
    
    
30
649
    

    
    
    
(476
250
    





































The entire disclosure for a variable interest entity (VIE)
 including but not limited to
 judgments and assumptions in determining whether to consolidate and in identifying the primary beneficiary
 gain (loss) recognized on the initial consolidation of the VIE
 terms of arrangements
 amounts and classification of the VIE's assets and liabilities
 and the entity's maximum exposure to loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Fixed Assets
 Net


Dec. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Fixed Assets
 Net
Note 5. Fixed Assets
 Net





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
90
707
    
    
    
82
240
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
157
839
    

    
    
    
4
919
    
    
    
4
919
    

    
    
    
95
626
    
    
    
244
998
    

    
    
    
(75
562
    
    
    
(183
090
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
20
064
    
    
    
61
908
    



 2020 and 2019
 depreciation
expense totaled approximately $33
200 and $66
000
 respectively. On December 2020
 our warehouse and refrigeration equipment was sold
to an unrelated party for $407
198 and the Company recorded gain on the sale of the equipment of $343
181.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020












 2016
 the Company entered into a $14
000
000
revolving line of credit pursuant to a loan and security agreement with ACF Finco I
 LP (&#8220;ACF&#8221;)
 the proceeds of which were
used to pay off the prior line of credit
 pay new loan costs of approximately $309
000
 and provide additional working capital to the
Company. This facility was secured by all assets of John Keeler &#38; Co.
 Inc. and was amended on November 18
 2016
 June 19
 2017
 October
16
 2017
 September 19
 2018
 November 8
 2018
 July 29
 2019
 November 26
 2019 and May 7
 2020.


of 3 Month LIBOR rate plus 9.25%
 the Prime rate plus 6.0% or a fixed rate of 6.5%.


following terms:



    
    
Borrowing is based on up to 85% of eligible accounts receivable plus the net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory at the same rate
 subject to certain defined limitations. 

    
    
    

    
    
The Company is restricted to specified distribution payments
 use of funds
 and is required to comply with certain other covenants including certain financial ratios. 

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2019
 Inc. the Company entered into
the seventh amendment to the loan and security agreement with ACF. This amendment memorialized the acquisition of Coastal Pride and made
Coastal Pride a co-borrower to the facility. Additionally
 the seventh amendment waived and reset the covenant default that occurred during
2019 and extended the term of the facility to 5 years and is subject to early termination by the lender upon defined events of default.
During the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company was in violation of its minimum EBITDA covenant as well as exceeding the covenant
related to monies advanced to Bacolod by approximately $105
000. The default interest rate increase of 3% was implemented in April 2020.


 2020
 the Company entered into an eighth
amendment to the loan and security agreement with ACF which acknowledged the execution of a Payroll Protection Program loan and provided
a reservation of rights related to a default of the minimum EBITDA covenant.


under ASC 470-50-40-21 and determined that the modification did not trigger any additional accounting due to the revolving line of credit
remain unchanged.


 2020
 the line of credit bears
interest rate of 12.48%.


 2020
 and 2019
 the line of credit
had an outstanding balance of approximately $1
805
000 and $6
918
000
 respectively.


basis
 which approximates the interest method
 over the term of the credit facility. The Company added loan costs associated with the
working capital lines of credit of approximately $70
000 and $25
000 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 leaving balances
in the asset of $2
992 and $5
470
 respectively
 net of approximately $585
000 and $513
000 of accumulated amortization as of December
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The Company recorded amortization expense of approximately $72
000 and $129
000 during the years ended
December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


 2021
 Keeler &#38; Co. and Coastal Pride
entered into a loan and security agreement (the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with Lighthouse Financial Corp.
 a North Carolina corporation
(&#8220;Lighthouse&#8221;) and the loan with ACF was extinguished.

John Keeler Promissory Notes
- Subordinated


to its stockholder of approximately $1
299
700 and $2
910
000 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. These notes are payable
on demand
 bear an annual interest rate of 6% and are subordinated to the working capital line of credit. Principal payments were not
permitted under the subordination agreement with ACF
 that was effective August 31
 2016. During 2020
 a principal payment of approximately
$17
000 was made. An additional principal settlement of $1
593
300 was made in December 2020 by the issuance of 796
650 shares of common
stock to the noteholder. No principal payments were made by the Company during 2019.




 2019
 the Company issued a four-month
promissory note in the principal amount of $1
000
000 (the &#8220;Kenar Note&#8221;) to Kenar Overseas Corp.
 a company registered in
Panama (&#8220;Kenar&#8221;)
 the term of which was previously extended to March 31
 2020 after which time
 on May 21
 2020
 the Kenar
Note was amended to (i) set the maturity date at March 31
 2021 
 (ii) provide that the Company use one-third of any capital raise from
the sale of its equity to reduce the outstanding principal under the Kenar Note
 (iii) set the interest rate at 18% per annum
 payable
monthly commencing October 1
 2020
 and (iv) reduce the number of pledged shares by Mr. Keeler to 4
000
000. As consideration for Kenar&#8217;s
agreement to amend the note
 on May 27
 2020
 the Company issued 1
021
266 shares of common stock to Kenar. The outstanding principal
amount of the note at December 31
 2020 was $872
500.


ASC 470-50 and was determined that it will be accounted for as an extinguishment of the old debt and the new debt recorded at fair value
with the new effective interest rate of 18%. Additionally
 this treatment resulted in the cost of the modification paid in common stock
with a value of $2
655
292 charged to other expense as of the date of the amendment as a non-cash forbearance fee.


$177
700 during the year ended December 31
 2020.




 2019
 the Company issued a four-month
unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 (the &#8220;Lobo Note&#8221;) to Lobo Holdings
 LLLP
 a stockholder in the
Company (&#8220;Lobo&#8221;). The Lobo Note bears interest at the rate of 18% per annum. The Lobo Note may be prepaid in whole or in part
without penalty. John Keeler
 the Company&#8217;s Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 pledged 1
000
000 shares of common stock
of the Company to secure the Company&#8217;s obligations under the Lobo Note. The Lobo Note matured on August 2
 2019 and was extended
through December 2
 2019 on the same terms and conditions. On November 15
 2019
 the Company paid off the Lobo Note with the issuance
to Lobo of an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 which bears interest at the rate of 15% and matured on March
31
 2020. On April 1
 2020 the Company paid off the November 15
 2019 note with the issuance of a six-month unsecured promissory note
in the principal amount of $100
000
 which bears interest at the rate of 10% and matured on October 1
 2020. On October 1
 2020
 the Company
paid off the April 1
 2020 note with the issuance of a three-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
 which
bears interest at the rate of 10% and matured on December 31
 2020. On January 1
 2021
 the Company paid off the October 1
 2020 note
with the issuance of a six-month unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
 which bears interest at the rate of 10%
per annum and matures on June 30
 2021.


$11
200 during the year ended December 31
 2020.




 2019
 the Company issued a
five-year unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $500
000 to Walter Lubkin Jr. as part of the purchase price for the
acquisition of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. The note bears and interest rate of 4% per annum. The note is payable quarterly based on
an amount equal to the lesser of (i) $25
000 or (ii) 25% of the EBITDA of Coastal Pride
 as determined on the first day of each
quarter. The first payment was scheduled for February 26
 2020
 however
 the EBITDA generated for Coastal during the 3 months did
not warrant a principal payment. This note is subordinated to the working capital line of credit. Principal payments are permitted
so long as the borrower is not in default of its working capital line of credit. No principal payments were made by the Company
during 2020.


approximately $20
100 during the year ended December 31
 2020.




 2019
 the Company issued a thirty-nine-month
unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $87
842 to Walter Lubkin III as part the purchase price for the Coastal Pride acquisition.
The note bears interest at the rate of 4% per annum. The note is payable in equal quarterly payments over six quarters beginning August
26
 2021. At the election of the holder
 at any time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note
 the then outstanding principal
and accrued interest may be converted into the Company&#8217;s common stock at a rate of $2.00 per share. This note is subordinated to
the working capital line of credit. Principal payments are permitted so long as the borrower is not in default of its working capital
line of credit. No principal payments were made by the Company during 2020.


approximately $3
500 during the year ended December 31
 2020.




 2019
 the Company issued a thirty-nine-month
unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $71
372 to Tracy Greco as part of the purchase price for the Coastal Pride acquisition.
The note bears interest at the rate of 4% per annum. The note is payable in equal quarterly payments over six quarters beginning August
26
 2021. At the election of the holder
 at any time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note
 the then outstanding principal
and accrued interest may be converted into the Company&#8217;s common stock at a rate of $2.00 per share. This note is subordinated to
the working capital line of credit. Principal payments are permitted so long as the borrower is not in default of its working capital
line of credit. No principal payments were made by the Company during 2020.


approximately $2
800 during the year ended December 31
 2020.




 2019
 the Company issued a thirty-nine-month
unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of $50
786 to John Lubkin as part the Coastal Pride acquisition. The note bears interest
at the rate of 4% per annum. The note is payable in equal quarterly payments over six quarters beginning August 26
 2021. At the election
of the holder
 at any time after the first anniversary of the issuance of the note
 the then outstanding principal and accrued interest
may be converted into the Company&#8217;s common stock at a rate of $2.00 per share. This note is subordinated to the working capital
line of credit. Principal payments are permitted so long as the borrower is not in default of its working capital line of credit. No principal
payments were made by the Company during 2020.


approximately $2
000 during the year ended December 31
 2020.




 2020
 the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note to US Century Bank in the principal amount of $344
762 related to the CARES Act Payroll Protection Program (&#8220;PPP
Loan&#8221;). This note is fully guaranteed by the Small Business Administration (&#8220;SBA&#8221;) and may be forgivable provided that
certain criteria are met. The note has a two-year maturity and accrues interest at 1% per annum. The Company is required to make payments
on the remaining principal of the note net of any loan forgiveness beginning November 17
 2020. In September 2020
 the Company applied
for the loan forgiveness by SBA through US Century Bank for the full amount which was granted in November 2020 and was recognized as other
income in the consolidated statement of operations for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020.




 2020
 the Company through Strike
 its former
variable interest entity
 issued a six-year unsecured promissory note to HSBC Bank plc in the principal amount of $43
788 related to the
Bounce Back Loan Scheme
 managed by the British Business Bank. This note is fully guaranteed by the UK Secretary of State for Business
Energy and Industrial Strategy and accrues interest at 2.5% per annum. As a result of the deconsolidation of Strike as a VIE during the
third quarter of 2020
 the note is no longer debt of the Company.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020









Merger with Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC


 2019
 the Company completed its merger
with Coastal Pride Company
 Inc. Under the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
 the Company paid $3.7 million
in consideration including approximately $394
600 in cash
 the issuance of $2.59 million of its common stock
 the issuance of a $500
000
4% unsecured promissory note and $210
000 4% unsecured convertible promissory notes in exchange for all of the equity of Coastal Pride
Company
 Inc. The 1
295
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock issued are subject to leak out agreements whereby the shareholders
are unable to sell or transfer the stock for a period of one year and are permitted to transfer or sell up to 25% in each successive six-month
period thereafter.


were $175
400 in investment banking fees paid via 87
700 shares of the common stock
 $110
176 in legal fees paid in $49
535 in cash and
30
321 shares of common stock. The common stock for these transaction costs were issued subsequent to December 31
 2019.

Fair Value of Consideration Transferred and Recording
of Assets Acquired


fair value of the consideration paid
 identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed including an amount for goodwill:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
394
622
    

Common stock
 1
295
000 shares of BSFC common stock
    
    
2
590
000
    

    
    
    
500
000
    

4% Unsecured
 Convertible promissory note payable to seller
    
    
210
000
    

    
    
    
3
694
622
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
133
956
    

    
    
    
1
141
658
    

    
    
    
1
562
973
    

    
    
    
105
000
    

    
    
    
134
254
    

    
    
    
100
640
    

    
    
    
9
713
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
850
000
    

    
    
    
1
250
000
    

    
    
    
40
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(816
435
    

    
    
    
(100
640
    

    
    
    
(1
161
892
    

    
    
    
3
249
227
    

    
    
    
445
395
    

    
    
    
3
694
622
    



issued
 the Company considered the value of the stock as estimated at the time of closing. Given that the stock was not trading at the
time of closing
 the Company utilized its sale of common stock from November 2018 to November
 2019 of approximately $1
000
000 in the
aggregate with a valuation of $2.00 shares of common stock.


its fair value and it was determined that a step-up analysis was necessary in order to evaluate the fair value of the inventory at the
time of closing. The step up represents the net profit that would be attained when the inventory is sold. The key assumptions used in
this analysis is a gross margin of 11.6% and selling costs of 4.4%
 The analysis resulted in a necessary step up of $105
000 at the time
of closing.


from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. The goodwill arising from the acquisition
is attributable to the value of the potential expanded market opportunity with new customers. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible
for tax purposes.




assuming all business acquisitions occurred on January 1
 2019. For all of the business acquisitions depreciation and amortization have
been included in the calculation of the below pro forma information based upon the actual acquisition costs.



    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
33
057
338
    

    
    
    
(5
048
290
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
201
766
    



is derived from historical information obtained from the sellers of the businesses. The pro forma amounts above for basic and diluted
weighted average shares outstanding have been adjusted to include the stock issued in connection with the acquisition of Coastal Pride.







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Net


Dec. 31
 2020






Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Net
Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Net


amount of the Company&#8217;s goodwill for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 January 1
    
    
445
395
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    
    
445
395
    

Balance
 December 31
    
    
445
395
    
    
    
445
395
    



Company&#8217;s intangible assets at December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
850
000
    
    
    
(61
386
    
    
    
788
614
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
250
000
    
    
    
(104
169
    
    
    
1
145
831
    

    
    
    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
(10
829
    
    
    
29
171
    

    
    
    
    
    
2
140
000
    
    
    
(176
384
    
    
    
1
963
616
    



assets as of December 31
 2020 is as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
162
816
    

    
    
    
162
816
    

    
    
    
161
999
    

    
    
    
152
820
    

    
    
    
152
820
    

    
    
    
1
170
345
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020












000 shares
of preferred stock as &#8220;8% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock&#8221;.


A Stock&#8221;) has no maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or redemption and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless and
until converted by the holder or the Company redeems or otherwise repurchases the Series A Stock.

Cumulative dividends accrue on each
share of Series A Stock at the rate of 8% (the &#8220;Dividend Rate&#8221;) of the purchase price of $1
000.00 per share
 commencing on
the date of issuance. Dividends are payable quarterly
 when and if declared by the Board
 beginning on September 30
 2018 (each a &#8220;Dividend
Payment Date&#8221;) and are payable in shares of Common Stock (a &#8220;PIK Dividend&#8221;) with such shares being valued at the daily
volume weighted average price (&#8220;VWAP&#8221;) of the Common Stock for the thirty trading days immediately prior to each Dividend
Payment Date or if not traded or quoted as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Company. Any fractional
shares of a PIK Dividend will be rounded to the nearest one-hundredth of a share. All shares of Common Stock issued in payment of a PIK
Dividend will be duly authorized
 validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable. Dividends will accumulate whether or not the Company
has earnings
 there are funds legally available for the payment of those dividends and whether or not those dividends are declared by
the Board.


to the stockholders in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation for the Series A Stock on March 31
 2020
 June 30
2020
 September 29
 2020
 and December 31
 2020. The dividends resulted in the issuance of an aggregate of 52
286 shares of common stock
with a value of $113
040. On March 31
 2021
 the Company issued 11
975 shares of common stock to Series A preferred stockholders as a
common stock dividend for the quarter ended March 31
 2021.

Each share of Series A Stock is
convertible at any time and in the sole discretion of the holder
 into shares of common stock at a conversion rate of 500 shares of common
stock for each share of Series A Stock (the &#8220;Conversion Rate&#8221;) The Company analyzed the embedded conversion option for derivative
accounting consideration under ASC 815-15 &#8220;Derivatives and Hedging&#8221; and determined that the conversion option should be classified
as equity.




000
000 shares
of common stock at a par value of $.0001 and had 19
580
721 and 17
589
705 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


 2019
 the Company&#8217;s board of
directors approved a private placement memorandum offering up to $300
000 or 150
000 shares of common stock at $2.00 per share.


 2019
 the Company issued 5
500 shares valued
at $2.00 per share for a total value of $11
000 to certain employees as an incentive bonus.


 2019
 the Company issued 1
295
000
shares
 valued at $2.00 per share for a total value of $2
590
000 in connection with the acquisition of Coastal Pride.


to the Series A preferred stockholders in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation for the Series A Stock on March
31
 2019
 June 30
 2019
 September 20
 2019 and December 31
 2019. The dividends resulted in the issuances of an aggregate of 56
520 shares
of common stock with a value of $113
041 during 2019.


 2019
 the Company
issued 11
000 shares of common stock at $2.00 per share in a private placement offering.


 2019
 the Company
issued 22
500 shares of common stock valued at $45
000 for legal and consulting fees. Additionally
 the Company authorized an aggregate
of 176
021 shares with a value of $352
042 for legal and consulting fees that were issued subsequent to December 31
 2019.


 2020
 the Company issued 5
000 shares of
common stock at $2.00 per share in a private placement offering.


 2020
 the Company issued 1
021
266 shares
of common stock to Kenar at $2.60 per share as a forbearance fee.in connection with Kenar&#8217;s agreement to amend its outstanding promissory
note.


 2020
 the Company issued 796
650 shares
of common stock to John Keeler&#8217;s designee as partial payment of outstanding notes payable totaling to $1
593
300.


A preferred stockholders in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation for the Series A Stock on March 31
 2020
 June
30
 2020
 September 29
 2020 and December 31
 2020. The dividends resulted in the issuances of an aggregate of 52
286 shares of common
stock with a value of $113
040 during 2020.


 2020
 the Company
issued 115
814 shares of common stock valued at $189
000 for legal and consulting fees.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2020 and
December 31
 2019
 approximately $139
380 and $2
251
300
 respectively
 in compensation expense was recognized on the following:



    
Ten-year options to purchase 3
120
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest one year from the date of grant
 were issued to Christopher Constable
 the Company&#8217;s former Chief Financial Officer
 under the 2018 Plan during the twelve months ended December 31
 2018 and have vested during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019. 

    
Ten-year options to purchase 430
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest as to 25% of the shares subject to the option each year from the date of grant
 were issued to various long-term employees under the 2018 Plan during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.

    
Ten-year options to purchase 250
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest as to 20% of the shares subject to the option each year from the date of grant
 were issued to Zoty Ponce under the 2018 Plan during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.

    
Ten-year options to purchase 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest as to 25% of the shares subject to the option each year from the date of grant
 were issued to various contractors during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.



to estimate the fair value of the stock options granted for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019 since no options were granted for
the twelve months ended December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 the
fair value of the 705
000 options granted during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019 was estimated at $613
586 on the date of grant.
For the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the unrecognized portion of the expense remaining outstanding was $327
852 and
$467
232
 respectively. The weighted average period of unrecognized stock options compensation that is expected to be recognized as expense
is approximately 7 years. During the twelve months ended December 31
 2019
 an aggregate of 15
000 shares subject to options were forfeited
none of which shares were vested
 which resulted in a reversal of the expense of $2
263.


the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding - December 31
 2018
    
    
6
240
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable - December 31
 2018
    
    
3
120
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
210
400
    

    
    
    
705
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
135
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
120
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding - December 31
 2019
    
    
3
810
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable - December 31
 2019
    
    
3
120
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
984
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
280
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding - December 31
 2020
    
    
3
810
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable - December 31
 2020
    
    
3
280
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
721
600
    



000 and
690
000 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2020
and 2019
 the Company did not have any warrant activity.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










current and deferred portions is as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
122
    
    
    
4
413
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
122
    
    
    
4
413
    



federal rates of 21% for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 due to the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
December 31
 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(931
861
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
054
558
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(169
277
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(179
449
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
283
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
603
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
992
311
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
222
042
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
108
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
775
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
122
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
413
    
    
    
    
    



31
 2020 and 2019
 are as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
26
923
    
    
    
90
539
    

    
    
    
31
830
    
    
    
27
754
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
173
    
    
    
18
287
    

    
    
    
17
761
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
637
897
    
    
    
417
904
    

    
    
    
684
800
    
    
    
661
359
    

    
    
    
879
150
    
    
    
254
079
    

    
    
    
156
004
    
    
    
42
814
    

    
    
    
2
504
807
    
    
    
1
512
495
    

    
    
    
2
504
807
    
    
    
1
512
495
    

    
    
    
(2
504
807
    
    
    
(1
512
495
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



open to examination by the federal and state taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company
has federal net operating loss of $4
186
428 to carry forward indefinitely.


 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221; requires that
a valuation allowance be established when it is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that all
 or a portion of
 deferred tax assets will
not be recognized. A review of all available positive and negative evidence needs to be considered
 including the scheduled reversal of
deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income
 and tax planning strategies. After consideration of all the information available
management believes that uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of its deferred tax assets and has
 therefore
 established
a full valuation allowance as of December 31
 2020.


 2020
 and 2019
 the Company has
evaluated and concluded that there were no material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company&#8217;s financial statements.
The Company&#8217;s policy is to classify assessments
 if any
 for tax related interest as income tax expenses. No interest or penalties
were recorded during the years ended December 31
 2020
 and 2019.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020












facility from JK Real Estate
 a related party through common family beneficial ownership (see Note 2). The lease which had a 20-year term
expiring in July 2021 was terminated on December 31
 2020
 upon the sale of the facility. The Company was a guarantor of the mortgage
on the facility which had a zero balance at December 31
 2020. Therefore
 the Company did not record any liability related to the mortgage
in the consolidated financial statements as the Company will not be called upon to perform under any guarantee
 in accordance with ASC
460
 


000 square feet
in Beaufort South Carolina for the offices of Coastal Pride. This office space consists of two leases with related parties with approximately
four years remaining on the leases.


ASC 842 Leases regarding the disclosure of the future period amortizations of the Right of Use assets.


$239
600 and $237
400 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




a former employee. Although the agreement is not finalized the Company has reserved for the entire amount of the settlement.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2020
 the World Health Organization
declared that the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) had become a pandemic
 and on March 13
 2020
 the U.S. President declared a National Emergency
concerning the disease. Additionally
 in March 2020
 state governments in the Company&#8217;s geographic operating area began instituting
preventative shut down measures in order to combat the novel coronavirus pandemic. The coronavirus and actions taken to mitigate the
spread of it have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of the geographical
areas in which the Company operates. On March 27
 2020
 the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) was enacted
to amongst other provisions
 provide emergency assistance for individuals
 families and businesses affected by the novel coronavirus
pandemic for 2020 and into 2021. The Company&#8217;s business not being deemed essential resulted in decreased financial performance
that may not be indicative of future financial results. Government-mandated closures of businesses and shipping delays have affected
our sales and inventory purchases. The Company continues to face uncertainty and increased risks concerning its employees
 customers
supply chain and government regulation. In April 2021
 the U.S. government has made available the COVID-19 vaccine to most of its population
to aid with the pandemic but the long-term effects of this development are yet to be seen. The Company&#8217;s sales and supply may continue
to be adversely affected due to COVID-19 and plans continue to be developed to ensure a prompt response is given to address the effects
of the pandemic.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










its employees. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 no contributions were made to the plan by the Company.







The entire disclosure for an entity's employee compensation and benefit plans
 including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 share-based compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020












of 83
721 shares for quarterly legal and consulting fees to be issued subsequently to December 31
 2020.


 2021
 the Company issued 25
000 shares
to an investment relations firm as compensation under an investor relations consulting agreement.


 2021
 the Company issued 10
465
shares of common stock to the designee of a law firm for services provided to the Company.


 2021
 the Company issued 5
000 shares
to an investor relations firm for services provided to the Company under an investor relations consulting agreement.




 2021
 the Company received proceeds of
$371
944 and issued an unsecured promissory note to US Century in the principal amount of $371
944 in connection with a PPP Loan. The
note accrues interest at 1.0% per annum
 matures five years from the date of issuance and is fully guaranteed by the SBA and may be forgiven
provided certain criteria are met. The Company may apply for forgiveness after August 17
 2021 and may be required to make monthly payments
of approximately $8
500 beginning June 2
 2022.




 2021
 the board of directors increased
the size of the Company&#8217;s Board from two to five members and appointed Jeffrey J. Guzy
 Timothy McLellan and Trond Ringstad as directors
effective April 12
 2021
 to fill the vacancies created by such increase.


 the Company
entered into one-year director service agreements with each of Messrs. Guzy
 McLellan and Ringstad and with each of the two current Board
members
 Nubar Herian and John Keeler which automatically renew for successive one-year terms.


 each director
will be issued $25
000 of shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock for each year&#8217;s service and on April 12
 2021
 the Company
granted each director an option to purchase 100
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share
 which option vests
in equal monthly installments over the course of the applicable year and will expire three years from the date they are fully vested.




 2021
 Keeler &#38; Co. and Coastal Pride
entered into a loan and security agreement (&#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;) with Lighthouse pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement
Lighthouse made available to Keeler &#38; Co. and Coastal Pride (together
 the &#8220;Borrowers&#8221;) a $5
000
000 revolving line of
credit for a term of thirty-six months
 renewable annually for one-year periods thereafter. Amounts due under the line of credit are represented
by a revolving credit note issued to Lighthouse by the Borrowers.


85% with respect to eligible accounts receivable and the lower of 60% of the Borrowers&#8217; eligible inventory
 or 80% of the net orderly
liquidation value
 subject to an inventory sublimit of $2
500
000. The inventory portion of the loan will never exceed 50% of the outstanding
balance. Interest on the line of credit is the prime rate (with a floor of 3.25%)
 plus 3.75%. The Borrowers paid Lighthouse a facility
fee of $50
000 and will pay an additional facility fee of $25
000 on each anniversary of March 31
 2021.


security interest on all the assets of each Borrower. Pursuant to the terms of a guaranty agreement
 the Company guaranteed the obligations
of the Borrowers under the note and John Keeler
 Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 provided a personal guaranty
of up to $1
000
000 to Lighthouse.


450 borrowed from Lighthouse
to repay all the outstanding indebtedness owed to the ACF as of March 31
 2021. As a result
 all obligations owed to ACF were satisfied
and the loan agreement with ACF was terminated.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;).







accounts of the Company
 John Keeler &#38; Co
 Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary
 and Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC (&#8220;Coastal Pride&#8221;)
a wholly owned subsidiary of John Keeler &#38; Co.
 Inc. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets


of the acquired business in excess of the fair value of the tangible net assets recorded in connection with an acquisition. Other intangible
assets include customer relationships
 non-compete agreements
 and trademarks. The Company reviews its finite-lived intangibles and goodwill
for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and
may not be recoverable.


the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
 and a reduction of the asset&#8217;s carrying value
in the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets when they occur. In accordance with its policies
 the Company performed an assessment
of its finite-lived intangibles and goodwill and determined there was no impairment for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.







Accounting Standard Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 810
 
 when a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of
an entity that is a variable interest entity (&#8220;VIE&#8221;)
 as defined in ASC 810
 the VIE must be consolidated into the financial
statements of the reporting entity. The determination of which owner is the primary beneficiary of a VIE requires management to make significant
estimates and judgments about the rights
 obligations
 and economic interests of each interest holder in the VIE.


on an ongoing basis and consolidates any VIE in which it has a controlling financial interest and is deemed to be the primary beneficiary.
A controlling financial interest has both of the following characteristics: (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most
significantly impact its economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant
to it or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE.


 2014
 the Company&#8217;s stockholder
was transferred the controlling interest of Strike the Gold Foods
 Ltd. (&#8220;Strike&#8221;)
 a related party entity which holds the
Company&#8217;s inventory on consignment in United Kingdom (see Note 3). The Company evaluated its interest in Strike and determined that
Strike is a VIE due to the Company&#8217;s implicit interest in Strike and the fact that Strike and the Company were under common control
after the transfer of the controlling interest. Moreover
 the Company determined that it is the primary beneficiary of Strike due to the
fact that the Company had both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Strike and the obligation to absorb losses
or the right to receive benefits from Strike. Therefore
 the Company consolidated Strike in its financial statements starting as of April
1
 2014
 the effective date of the controlling interest transfer.


 the Company determined
that Strike was no longer a VIE because there was a verbal agreement with Strike that terminated the original agreement to hold the inventory
on consignment and Strike has not engaged in transactions with the Company or its subsidiaries in 2020.


party entities that are under common control with the Company
 Bacolod Blue Star Export Corp. (&#8220;Bacolod&#8221;)
 Bicol Blue Star
Export Co. (&#8220;Bicol&#8221;) and John Keeler Real Estate Holding (&#8220;JK Real Estate&#8221;)
 in light of ASC 810. The Company
purchases inventory from Bacolod
 an exporter of pasteurized crab meat out of the Philippines. The Company purchased inventory
 via Bacolod
from Bicol. The Company leased its office and warehouse facility from JK Real Estate
 a landlord that is a related party through common
family beneficial ownership until December 31
 2020. (see Note 7)


not VIE&#8217;s as they do not meet the criteria to be considered a VIE per ASC 810. The Company does not directly or indirectly absorb
any variability of Bacolod or Bicol. The relationship between the Company and Bacolod and Bicol is strictly a supplier/customer relationship
 accounting policy). Moreover
 Bacolod and Bicol have other customers besides the Company
which will allow them to sustain their operations from selling their inventory to their other customers. As the Company concluded that
Bacolod and Bicol are not VIE&#8217;s and the Company is not deemed their primary beneficiary
 Bacolod or Bicol is not consolidated with
the Company&#8217;s financial statements.


facility from JK Real Estate and no longer guarantees the mortgage on the facility and therefore is no longer considered a VIE. On December
31
 2020
 this facility was sold to an unrelated third-party purchaser and the lease was terminated.



Cash
 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash
 Restricted Cash and
Cash Equivalents


institutions in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Company (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses
on such accounts and believes it does not have a significant exposure.


with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.


designated cash collateral account as restricted cash. All cash proceeds must be deposited into cash collateral account
 and will be cleared
and applied to the line of credit. The Company has no access to this account
 and the purpose of the funds is restricted to repayment
of the line of credit. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash
 cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the
consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same such amounts in the consolidated statements of cash flows:



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
55
644
    
    
    
153
904
    

    
    
    
282
043
    
    
    
41
906
    

Total cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash shown in the cash flow statement
    
    
337
687
    
    
    
195
810
    









due from customers under normal trade terms
 usually net 30 days. The Company grants credit to its customers based on the Company&#8217;s
evaluation of a particular customer&#8217;s credit worthiness.


potential credit losses based on the age of the accounts receivable and the results of the Company&#8217;s periodic credit evaluations
of its customers&#8217; financial condition. Receivables are written off as uncollectible and deducted from the allowance for doubtful
accounts after collection efforts have been deemed to be unsuccessful. Subsequent recoveries are netted against the provision for doubtful
accounts expense. The Company generally does not charge interest on receivables.


accounts and sales return and allowances. They are stated at estimated net realizable value. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company
recorded sales return and allowances and refund liability of approximately $62
800 and $59
100
 respectively. There was no allowance
for bad debt recorded during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.







consists of packaged crab meat located at the Company&#8217;s warehouse facility as well as public cold storage facilities and merchandise
in transit from suppliers. The cost of inventory is primarily determined using the specific identification method. Inventory is valued
at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 cost being determined using the first-in
 first-out method.


point and becomes the Company&#8217;s asset and liability upon leaving the suppliers&#8217; warehouse. The Company had in-transit inventory
of approximately $522
000 and $1
958
000 as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 respectively.


in inventory and records an allowance to reduce the carrying value of inventory to the lower of cost or market based on its assessment
of market conditions
 inventory turnover and current stock levels. Inventory write-downs are charged to cost of goods sold. The Company
recorded an inventory allowance of approximately $71
400 and $40
800 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019.




Advances to Suppliers and
Related Party


 the Company may
advance payments to its suppliers
 inclusive of Bacolod
 a related party. These advances are in the form of prepayments for products that
will ship within a short window of time. In the event that it becomes necessary for the Company to return products or adjust for quality
issues
 the Company is issued a credit by the vendor in the normal course of business and these credits are also reflected against future
shipments.


 2020
 and 2019
 the balance due
from the related party for future shipments was approximately $1
300
000 and $1
286
000
 respectively. No new purchases have been made
from Bacolod since November 2020. Cost of revenue related to inventories purchased from Bacolod represented approximately $1
280
000
and $9
531
000 of total cost of revenue for the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.







and are being depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



method over the shorter of the expected life of the improvement or the remaining lease term.


and additions and expenses those items which do not improve or extend the useful life of the fixed assets.


if events or changes in circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company believes the carrying
values of its long-lived assets are recoverable and as such
 the Company did not record any impairment.




Other Comprehensive (loss)
Income


in accordance with ASC 220
 
 which establishes standards for reporting and presenting comprehensive (loss)
income and its components in a full set of financial statements. Other comprehensive (loss) income consists of net income (loss) and
cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments.







is the U.S. Dollars. The assets and liabilities held by the Company&#8217;s previous VIE had a functional currency other than the U.S.
Dollar. In the third quarter of 2020
 the VIE was assessed as no longer being a VIE. The VIE results were translated into U.S. Dollars
at exchange rates in effect at the end of each reporting period. The VIE&#8217;s revenue and expenses were translated into U.S. Dollars
at the average rates that prevailed during the period. The rates used in the financial statements as presented for December 31
 2020
and 2019 were 1.260 and 1.337 US dollar to UK pound sterling
 respectively. The resulting net translation gains and losses are reported
as foreign currency translation adjustments in stockholders&#8217; equity as a component of comprehensive (loss) income. The Company
recorded foreign currency translation adjustment of approximately $23
700 and $50
100 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December
31
 2019
 respectively.







 2018 adoption of ASU
2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
&#8221; and the associated ASUs (collectively
 &#8220;Topic 606&#8221;)
the Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration
which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company&#8217;s source of revenue is from importing
blue and red swimming crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 the Philippines and China and distributing it in the United States and Canada
under several brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
 Crab &#38; Go
 First Choice
 Good Stuff and Coastal Pride Fresh. We sell
primarily to food service distributors. We also sell our products to wholesalers
 retail establishments and seafood distributors.


that the Company determines are within the scope of Topic 606
 the Company performs the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s)
with a customer by receipt of purchase orders and confirmations sent by the Company which includes a required line of credit approval
process
 (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract which includes shipment of goods to the customer FOB shipping point
or destination
 (3) determine the transaction price which initiates with the purchase order received from the customer and confirmation
sent by the Company and will include discounts and allowances by customer if any
 (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract which is the shipment of the goods to the customer and transaction price determined in step 3 above and (5)
recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation which is when the Company transfers control of the goods
to the customers by shipment or delivery of the products.


shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities. Consideration payable to a customer is recorded as a reduction of the arrangement&#8217;s
transaction price
 thereby reducing the amount of revenue recognized
 unless the payment is for distinct goods or services received from
the customer.







 2019
 we adopted Accounting Standards
Codification 842 and all the related amendments using the modified retrospective method. We recognized the cumulative effect of initially
applying the new lease standard as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. The comparative information has not been
restated and continues to be reported under the lease accounting standard in effect for those periods.


on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and lease obligations. We elected the practical expedients permitted under the transition
guidance of the new standard that retained the lease classification and initial direct costs for any leases that existed prior to adoption
of the standard. We did not reassess whether any contracts entered into prior to adoption are leases or contain leases.


than twelve months as either operating or finance. Finance leases are generally those leases that would allow us to substantially utilize
or pay for the entire asset over its estimated life. Assets acquired under finance leases are recorded in property and equipment
 net.
All other leases are categorized as operating leases. We did not have any finance leases as of December 31
 2020. Our leases generally
have terms that range from three years for equipment and six to seven years for property. We elected the accounting policy to include
both the lease and non-lease components of our agreements as a single component and account for them as a lease.


of the fixed lease payments using a discount rate based on similarly secured borrowings available to us. Lease assets are recognized based
on the initial present value of the fixed lease payments
 reduced by landlord incentives
 plus any direct costs from executing the leases.
Lease assets are tested for impairment in the same manner as long-lived assets used in operations. Leasehold improvements are capitalized
at cost and amortized over the lesser of their expected useful life or the lease term.


terminate the lease before the contractual expiration date
 or purchase the leased asset
 and it is reasonably certain that we will exercise
the option
 we consider these options in determining the classification and measurement of the lease. Costs associated with operating
lease assets are recognized on a straight-line basis within operating expenses over the term of the lease.


and liabilities recorded on the balance sheets.



    
    
December 31

2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
99
472
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
337
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
844
    






    
    
    
December 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
156
582
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
137
    



operating leases.



    
    
December 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 2020
 were as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
552
    

    
    
    
33
552
    

    
    
    
26
474
    

    
    
    
15
060
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
108
638
    

    
    
    
(9
457
    

    
    
    
99
181
    

    
    
    
(29
337
    

    
    
    
69
844
    
  







incurred. Advertising expenses which are included in Other Operating Expenses were approximately $7
200 and $81
700
 for the years ended
December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.







with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.







approximately 26% of revenue in the year ended December 31
 2020. The Company had three customers which accounted for 46% of revenue
during the years ended December 31
 2019. Outstanding receivables from these customers accounted for approximately 19% of the total accounts
receivable as of December 31
 2020 and 2019. The loss of any major customer could have a material adverse impact on the Company&#8217;s
results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.







approximately 65% of the Company&#8217;s total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2020. These five suppliers are located in
the United States
 Indonesia
 Sri Lanka
 Mexico and the Philippines
 which accounted for approximately 93% of the Company&#8217;s total
purchases during the year. During 2020
 the Company purchased inventory from two non-affiliated Indonesian suppliers that made up the
balance of 25% of the supply concentration.


approximately 42% of the Company&#8217;s total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2019
 and a one-time purchase from a United
States based supplier that accounted for approximately 21% of purchases. The two suppliers are located in two countries
 Indonesia
 and
the Philippines
 which accounted for approximately 65% of the Company&#8217;s total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2019.
These suppliers included Bacolod
 a related party
 which accounted for approximately 27% of the Company&#8217;s total purchases during
the year ended December 31
 2019.


adverse impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.







 accounts
receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and debt obligations. We believe the carrying values of our financial instruments approximate
their fair values because they are short term in nature or payable on demand.







to ASC 260
 Earnings per Share
 which requires disclosure on the financial statements of &#8220;basic&#8221; and &#8220;diluted&#8221;
earnings (loss) per share. Basic earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding plus common stock equivalents (if dilutive) related to stock options and warrants for each year. As
further described in Footnote 6 - Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 1
413 shares of Preferred Stock
could be converted into 706
500 shares of common stock. As further described in Footnote 7 &#8211; Options &#38; Warrants
 as of December
31
 2020 and 2019
 3
120
000 and 3
280
000 options may be exercised
 respectively
 and 353
250 warrants are exercisable.


31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 basic and diluted losses per share each year are the same.







in accordance with ASC 718
 &#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation&#8221;. ASC 718 requires companies to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
 including stock options
 based on the grant-date fair value of the award
and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award
 usually
the vesting period. The Company has elected to adopt ASU 2016-09 and has a policy to account for forfeitures as they occur.


awards to non-employees in accordance with ASU No. 2018-07
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Based Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to
Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting (&#8220;ASU 2018-07&#8221;)
 which aligns accounting for share-based payments issued to nonemployees
to that of employees under the existing guidance of Topic 718
 with certain exceptions.







in accordance with ASC 850 (&#8220;Related Party Disclosures&#8221;). A party is considered to be related to the Company if the party
directly or indirectly or through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by
 or is under common control with the Company.
Related parties also include principal owners of the Company
 its management
 members of the immediate families of principal owners of
the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence
the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing
its own separate interests. A party which can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties
or if it has an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or
more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests is also a related party.


 2020
 and 2019
 there was approximately
$392
000 and $350
900 in interest paid to related parties notes payable. See Note 6 Debt and Note 4 Consolidation of Variable Interest
Entity for further information.







to conform to the current year presentation.







 2018
 the Company was taxed under
the provisions of subchapter S of the Internal Revenue Code. Under these provisions
 the Company did not pay corporate federal income
taxes on its taxable income but was liable for Florida corporate income taxes and Texas Franchise Tax. The shareholder was liable for
individual income taxes on the Company&#8217;s taxable income. Post-merger
 the Company files consolidated federal and state income tax
returns.


income tax due and the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are the expected future tax
amounts for the temporary differences between carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities
 computed using enacted tax rates.
A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. As changes in tax laws or rates are
enacted
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes.


it is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with a tax examination being presumed
to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination.
For tax positions not meeting the &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; test
 no tax benefit is recorded.


and penalties on uncertain tax positions in &#8220;Income tax expense&#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were
no amounts related to interest and penalties recognized for the years ended December 31
 2020 or 2019.









 the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (&#8220;ASU 2019-12&#8221;)
 which is intended to simplify various
aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and also
clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods
within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2020
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosure.

ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments &#8211; Credit
Losses (Topic 326)


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
 Financial
Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
 which requires entities to use a forward-looking
expected loss model to estimate credit losses. It also requires entities to consider additional disclosures related to credit quality
of trade and other receivables
 including information related to management&#8217;s estimate of credit allowances. ASU 2016-13 was further
amended in November 2018 by ASU 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 236
 Financial Instrument-Credit Losses. For public business
entities that are U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filers excluding smaller reporting companies
 the amendments are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other public business
entities
 the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020
 including interim periods within those fiscal
years. On October 16
 2019
 FASB voted to delay implementation of ASU No. 2016-13
 &#8220;Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326)
- Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.&#8221; For all other entities
 the amendments are now effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2021
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022. Early adoption is permitted
for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2018. The Company continues to evaluate
the impact of these amendments to the Company&#8217;s financial position and results of operations and currently expect no material impact
of the adoption of the amendments on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.























































































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Entity's cash and cash equivalents accounting policy with respect to restricted balances.  Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))





















































































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassification affecting comparability of financial statement. Excludes amendment to accounting standards
 other change in accounting principle
 and correction of error.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Schedule Reconciliation of Cash
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash
cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same such amounts in
the consolidated statements of cash flows:



    
    
December 31

2020
    
    
December 31

2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
55
644
    
    
    
153
904
    

    
    
    
282
043
    
    
    
41
906
    

Total cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash shown in the cash flow statement
    
    
337
687
    
    
    
195
810
    






Fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
and are being depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






The table below presents the lease-related assets
and liabilities recorded on the balance sheets.



    
    
December 31

2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
99
472
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
337
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
69
844
    
  








    
    
    
December 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
156
582
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
137
    
  




The table below presents the remaining lease term and discount rates for
operating leases.



    
    
December 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
  




Maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31
 2020
 were as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
552
    

    
    
    
33
552
    

    
    
    
26
474
    

    
    
    
15
060
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
108
638
    

    
    
    
(9
457
    

    
    
    
99
181
    

    
    
    
(29
337
    

    
    
    
69
844
    
  


























































































































Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.




























Tabular disclosure for lessee's operating leases. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of lessee's operating lease
 existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 restrictions imposed by lease
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing
 rent holidays
 rent concessions
 or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]




Schedule of Assets
 Liabilities and Non-controlling Interest Related to Strike
The information below represents the assets
 liabilities
and non-controlling interest related to Strike as of July 1
 2020
 the deconsolidation date
 and December 31
 2019.



    
    
July 1
 2020
    

    
    
    
100
698
    

    
    
    
(427
449
    

    
    
    
(468
673
    

    
    
    
141
922
    




    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
128
166
    

    
    
    
30
649
    

    
    
    
(476
250
    





































Tabular disclosure of the significant judgments and assumptions made in determining whether a variable interest (as defined) held by the entity requires the variable interest entity (VIE) (as defined) to be consolidated and (or) disclose information about its involvement with the VIE
 individually or in aggregate (as applicable); the nature of restrictions
 if any
 on the consolidated VIE's assets and on the settlement of its liabilities reported by an entity in its statement of financial position
 including the carrying amounts of such assets and liabilities; the nature of
 and changes in
 the risks associated with involvement in the VIE; how involvement with the VIE affects the entity's financial position
 financial performance
 and cash flows; the lack of recourse if creditors (or beneficial interest holders) of the consolidated VIE have no recourse to the general credit of the primary beneficiary (if applicable); the terms of arrangements
 giving consideration to both explicit arrangements and implicit variable interests
 if any
 that could require the entity to provide financial support to the VIE
 including events or circumstances that could expose the entity to a loss; the methodology used by the entity for determining whether or not it is the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity; the significant factors considered and judgments made in determining that the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance are shared (as defined); the carrying amounts and classification of assets and liabilities of the VIE included in the statement of financial position; the entity's maximum exposure to loss
 if any
 as a result of its involvement with the VIE
 including how the maximum exposure is determined and significant sources of the entity's exposure to the VIE; a comparison of the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities and the entity's maximum exposure to loss; information about any liquidity arrangements
 guarantees
 and (or) other commitments by third parties that may affect the fair value or risk of the entity's variable interest in the VIE; whether or not the entity has provided financial support or other support (explicitly or implicitly) to the VIE that it was not previously contractually required to provide or whether the entity intends to provide that support
 including the type and amount of the support and the primary reasons for providing the support; and supplemental information the entity determines necessary to provide.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Fixed Assets
 Net (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]









    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
90
707
    
    
    
82
240
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
157
839
    

    
    
    
4
919
    
    
    
4
919
    

    
    
    
95
626
    
    
    
244
998
    

    
    
    
(75
562
    
    
    
(183
090
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
20
064
    
    
    
61
908
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The following table summarizes the acquisition date
fair value of the consideration paid
 identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed including an amount for goodwill:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
394
622
    

Common stock
 1
295
000 shares of BSFC common stock
    
    
2
590
000
    

    
    
    
500
000
    

4% Unsecured
 Convertible promissory note payable to seller
    
    
210
000
    

    
    
    
3
694
622
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
133
956
    

    
    
    
1
141
658
    

    
    
    
1
562
973
    

    
    
    
105
000
    

    
    
    
134
254
    

    
    
    
100
640
    

    
    
    
9
713
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
850
000
    

    
    
    
1
250
000
    

    
    
    
40
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(816
435
    

    
    
    
(100
640
    

    
    
    
(1
161
892
    

    
    
    
3
249
227
    

    
    
    
445
395
    

    
    
    
3
694
622
    






The following is the unaudited pro forma information
assuming all business acquisitions occurred on January 1
 2019. For all of the business acquisitions depreciation and amortization have
been included in the calculation of the below pro forma information based upon the actual acquisition costs.



    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
33
057
338
    

    
    
    
(5
048
290
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
201
766
    












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Net (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2020







The following table sets for the changes in the carrying
amount of the Company&#8217;s goodwill for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 January 1
    
    
445
395
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    
    
445
395
    

Balance
 December 31
    
    
445
395
    
    
    
445
395
    






The following table sets for the components of the
Company&#8217;s intangible assets at December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
850
000
    
    
    
(61
386
    
    
    
788
614
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
250
000
    
    
    
(104
169
    
    
    
1
145
831
    

    
    
    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
(10
829
    
    
    
29
171
    

    
    
    
    
    
2
140
000
    
    
    
(176
384
    
    
    
1
963
616
    






The aggregate amortization remaining on the intangible
assets as of December 31
 2020 is as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
162
816
    

    
    
    
162
816
    

    
    
    
161
999
    

    
    
    
152
820
    

    
    
    
152
820
    

    
    
    
1
170
345
    





































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The following table summarizes the assumptions used
to estimate the fair value of the stock options granted for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019 since no options were granted for
the twelve months ended December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    






The following table represents option activity for
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding - December 31
 2018
    
    
6
240
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable - December 31
 2018
    
    
3
120
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
210
400
    

    
    
    
705
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
135
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
120
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding - December 31
 2019
    
    
3
810
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable - December 31
 2019
    
    
3
120
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
984
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
280
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding - December 31
 2020
    
    
3
810
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable - December 31
 2020
    
    
3
280
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
721
600
    





































Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Allocation of federal and state income taxes between
current and deferred portions is as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
122
    
    
    
4
413
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
122
    
    
    
4
413
    






Federal income tax expense differs from the statutory
federal rates of 21% for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 due to the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
December 31
 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(931
861
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
054
558
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(169
277
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(179
449
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
283
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
603
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
992
311
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
222
042
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
108
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
775
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
122
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
413
    
    
    
    
    






The components of the net deferred tax asset at December
31
 2020 and 2019
 are as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
26
923
    
    
    
90
539
    

    
    
    
31
830
    
    
    
27
754
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
173
    
    
    
18
287
    

    
    
    
17
761
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
637
897
    
    
    
417
904
    

    
    
    
684
800
    
    
    
661
359
    

    
    
    
879
150
    
    
    
254
079
    

    
    
    
156
004
    
    
    
42
814
    

    
    
    
2
504
807
    
    
    
1
512
495
    

    
    
    
2
504
807
    
    
    
1
512
495
    

    
    
    
(2
504
807
    
    
    
(1
512
495
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Nov. 08
 2018
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
May 27
 2020
Dec. 13
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018





















000


000




























413


413






413



































































295
000















580
721


589
705






023
164







814


521






























000















000






























001






























000






353




















120
000













John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. [Member] | Private Placement Offering [Member]
















250















000













John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. [Member] | Private Placement Offering [Member] | Series A Preferred Stock [Member]





























John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. [Member] | Shareholder [Member]














































000
000






























015
000















400













John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. [Member] | Prior Investors [Member]
















000













John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. [Member] | Prior Investors [Member] | Series A Preferred Stock [Member]





























John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. [Member] | Christopher Constable [Member]
















120
000













John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc. [Member] | Carlos Faria [Member]



























































































Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.













































































































































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.

























































Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.






















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











800


100





293







000


958
000





400


800





300
000


286
000





623
576


610
000



Foreign currency translation
 description

 2020 and 2019 were 1.260 and 1.337 US dollar to UK pound sterling
 respectively.


 2019 and 2018 were 1.337 and 1.336 US dollar to UK pound sterling
 respectively.





700


141





200


700












280
000


120
000



















250


250












120
000


280
000












413


413





500


500










Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage






United States
 Indonesia
 Sri Lanka
 Mexico and the Philippines [Member]






Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage













Concentration risk
 percentage















280
000


531
000












000


900







Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.

























































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.






















































































For an unclassified balance sheet
 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.

























































Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.

























































Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.

























































Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to noncontrolling interests.













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule Reconciliation of Cash
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018













644


904







043


906





Total cash
 cash equivalents
 and restricted cash shown in the cash flow statement

687


810


226



































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of cash restricted as to withdrawal or usage
 classified as current. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











































































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











472


206
931





337


952





844


089
390



































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Cash used in operating activities
 Operating leases

582



ROU assets recognized in exchange for lease obligations
 Operating leases

137



































Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020







Weighted-average remaining lease term
 Operating leases




Weighted-average discount rate
 Operating leases

































































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











552







552







474







060





















638







457)







181







337)


952)





844


089
390








































































































































































































































































































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








437
434)


021
703)





510
517)


952
466)





257
059







299
712


910
136





































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]






673





922





421





545






























































































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of accounts and financing receivables
 classified as noncurrent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes and loan receivable.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities - Schedule of Assets
 Liabilities and Non-controlling Interest Related to Strike (Details) - USD ($)
Jul. 02
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








698


166





449)


649





673)


250)





922






































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Fixed Assets
 Net (Details Narrative) - USD ($)




Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]












200


000





198











181









The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Fixed Assets
 Net - Schedule of Fixed Assets (Details) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




626


998





562)


090)



Fixed assets
 net

064


908












707


240














839












919


919







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















Jan. 02
 2021
Oct. 02
 2020
Apr. 17
 2020
Apr. 02
 2020
Nov. 26
 2019
Nov. 15
 2019
Apr. 02
 2019
Mar. 26
 2019
Apr. 30
 2020
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
May 13
 2020
Aug. 31
 2016






















805
000


918
000



























887
721


993
616







Line of credit
 interest rate




























Line of credit
 description



















 subject to certain defined limitations.









Line of credit
 term






































000



















EBITDA covenant
 description









 2020
 the Company was in violation of its minimum EBITDA covenant as well as exceeding the covenant related to monies advanced to Bacolod by approximately $105
000.




































































257
059





























478


696




































Issuance of common stock
 shares



















650






































Debt instrument
 principal amount



















299
700


910
000







Debt instrument
 interest rate
















































000





























593
300





























650





























600


600




































Debt instrument
 interest rate












































655
292

































700






































Debt instrument
 principal amount















000
000




500









Debt instrument
 interest rate












































  2021





























 2020 after which time
 on May 21
 2020
 the Kenar Note was amended to (i) set the maturity date at March 31
 2021 






























  2021





























000
000













Issuance of common stock
 shares















021
266













Lobo Note [Member] | Lobo Holdings
 LLC [Member]




























Debt instrument
 principal amount











000


000















Debt instrument
 interest rate








































  2020


  2019





























 2019 and was extended through December 2
 2019 on the same terms and conditions.





























  2019





























000
000















Four Month Unsecured Promissory Notes [Member] | Lobo Holdings
 LLC [Member]




























Debt instrument
 principal amount



000




000





















Debt instrument
 interest rate






























  2021


  2020




  2020





















Six-Month Promissory Note [Member] | Lobo Holdings
 LLC [Member]




























Debt instrument
 principal amount

000



























Debt instrument
 interest rate



































































000



















EBITDA covenant
 description









000 or (ii) 25% of the EBITDA of Coastal Pride
 as determined on the first day of each quarter.



















Debt instrument
 principal amount









000



















Debt instrument
 interest rate
















































100






































Debt instrument
 principal amount









842



















Debt instrument
 interest rate
















































500









Debt instrument
 description









 2021.













































































Debt instrument
 principal amount









372



















Debt instrument
 interest rate
















































800









Debt instrument
 description









 2021.













































































Debt instrument
 principal amount









786



















Debt instrument
 interest rate
















































000









Debt instrument
 description









 2021.













































































Debt instrument
 principal amount





762























Debt instrument
 interest rate




























Debt instrument
 description





 2020.

















































































Debt instrument
 principal amount























788





Debt instrument
 interest rate













































































000


000



























992


470



























000


000



























000


000







ACF Finco I
 LP [Member]






















































000
000























000









ACF Finco I
 LP [Member] | London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) [Member]




























Line of credit
 interest rate




























ACF Finco I
 LP [Member] | Prime Rate [Member]




























Line of credit
 interest rate




























ACF Finco I
 LP [Member] | Fixed Rate [Member]




























Line of credit
 interest rate























































































































Line of credit
 term.













































































































































































Description of minimum financial levels (for example
 tangible net worth and working capital) and achievement of certain financial ratios (for example
 working capital ratio and debt service coverage ratio)
 and adherence to certain clauses which generally require or restrict certain actions (for example
 entering into a debt arrangement with equal or greater seniority
 and selling or discontinuing a certain business segment or material subsidiary) to be in compliance with the covenant clauses of the debt agreement. May also include a discussion of the adverse consequences that would result if the entity violates or fails to satisfy the covenants.




























Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.






















































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Description of the terms of a credit facility arrangement. Terms typically include interest rate
 collateral required
 guarantees required
 repayment requirements
 and restrictions on use of assets and activities of the entity.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4
6)



























Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Nov. 26
 2020
Nov. 26
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019








000











956





Business acquisition
 value







590
000




































November
 2018 to November
 2019 [Member]










Business acquisition
 value





000
000

































295
000





Business acquisition
 value










Coastal Pride Company
 Inc [Member]














700
000











600


















Business acquisition
 value

590
000









Coastal Pride Company
 Inc [Member] | Merger [Member]














535











700











400











176







Coastal Pride Company
 Inc [Member] | Unsecured Promissory Note [Member]










Business combination
 issuance



000


















Coastal Pride Company
 Inc [Member] | Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note [Member]










Business combination
 issuance



000


















Coastal Pride Company
 Inc [Member] | Common Stock [Member]










Business combination
 issuance



590
000











295
000







Coastal Pride Company
 Inc [Member] | Common Stock [Member] | Merger [Member]














321











Business combination
 issuance.













































































































































































This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











622





Common stock
 1
295
000 shares of BSFC common stock

590
000







000





4% Unsecured
 Convertible promissory note payable to seller

000







694
622







956







141
658







562
973







000







254







640







713







000







250
000







000







435)







640)







161
892)







249
227







395


395





694
622









Business combination
 right of use liability.




























Business combination
 working capital line of credit.




























Business combination
 customer relationships.




























Business combination
 non-compete agreements.




























Business combination
 trademarks.










































































































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.






















































































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































295
000































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }























057
338





048
290)










201
766




































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Net - Schedule of Goodwill (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




395





Acquisitions of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc.

540


038





395


395



Coastal Pride Company
 Inc [Member]








395





Acquisitions of Coastal Pride Company
 Inc.



395





395


395




































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Net - Schedule of Intangible Assets (Details)










140
000





384)





963
616















000





386)





614















250
000





169)





145
831















000





829)





171







Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Remaining amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Net - Schedule of Amortization of Intangible Assets (Details)














816





816





999





820





820





170
345







Amount of amortization for asset
 excluding financial asset and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 30
 2021
Feb. 08
 2021
Nov. 26
 2020
May 27
 2020
May 16
 2020
Jan. 29
 2020
Mar. 31
 2021
Apr. 15
 2021
May 29
 2021
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 13
 2019
























000.00

































































Common stock
 shares authorized





















000
000


000
000





Common stock
 par value




























Common stock
 shares issued





















580
721


589
705





Common stock
 shares outstanding





















580
721


589
705





Issuance of common stock
 shares





















000





























000


000





























590
000



























042


042





Stock issued during period
 value





















000


000


































Stock issued during period for services
 shares





















814


500



























000


000































































Issuance of common stock on acquisition
 shares







295
000





























590
000


















































Issuance of common stock
 shares









000














000































































Issuance of common stock
 shares









021
266















































































000


465


000












721








































Stock issued during period for services
 shares



















021





























042




























































286





























040



























































































































Issuance of common stock on acquisition
 shares

























































Stock issued during period for services
 shares






















































































Stock issued during period
 value







































































000















Issuance of common stock
 shares













000































































































000




























































520





























041


















































975






















































000

















Issuance of common stock
 shares











500

































































































650







Stock issued during period
 value





















593
300


































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.






























































































































































































































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.







































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




380


251
300







000





586


586





852


232














135
000





263







000


000












000





































120
000

































000



































000


















































































































































Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.













































































































































































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019

Expected Volatility
 Minimum




Expected Volatility
 Maximum




Risk Free Interest Rate
 Minimum




Risk Free Interest Rate
 Maximum




























The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.




























The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Number of Option
 Outstanding beginning

810
000


240
000



Number of Option
 Exercisable beginning

120
000


120
000



Number of Option
 Granted



000



Number of Option
 Forfeited



135
000)



Number of Option
 Vested

280
000


120
000



Number of Option
 Outstanding ending

810
000


810
000



Number of Option
 Exercisable ending

280
000


120
000



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding beginning






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable ending






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Vested






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding ending






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable ending






Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life in Years
 Outstanding beginning






Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life in Years
 Exercisable beginning






Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life in Years
 Outstanding ending






Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life in Years
 Exercisable ending






Aggregate Intrinsic value
 Exercisable beginning

000


210
400



Aggregate Intrinsic value
 Exercisable ending

600


000







Weighted average remaining contractual life in years
 exercisable beginning.









































































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.













































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


















186
428






































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


















122


413



















122


413

































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











861)


054
558)





277)


449)





283


603





311


222
042





667


775





122


413



Provision/(Benefit) at Statutory Rate
 percent






State Tax Provision/(Benefit) net of federal benefit
 percent






Permanent Book/Tax Differences
 percent






Change in valuation allowance
 percent






Other
 percent






Income Tax Provision/(Benefit)
 percent



























































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).



















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











923


539





830


754












173


287





761







897


904





800


359





150


079





004


814





504
807


512
495





504
807


512
495





504
807)


512
495)




























































































































































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.






















































































Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































  2021














600


400



Coastal Pride Seafood
 LLC. [Member]















000






































Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Term of lessee's operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Jun. 02
 2022
Apr. 12
 2021
Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 30
 2021
Mar. 02
 2021
Feb. 08
 2021
Apr. 15
 2021
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Stock issued during period for services
 value















042


042































































100
000
























Debt instrument
 monthly payments

500








































Issuance of common stock
 shares





000


465




000


721

















944





















944
































Debt instrument
 term




















Debt instrument
 description









 2021 and may be required to make monthly payments of approximately $8
500 beginning June 2
 2022.






































000
000















Line of credit facility
 revolving credit conversion to term loan
 description





 renewable annually for one-year periods thereafter.





















 or 80% of the net orderly liquidation value
 subject to an inventory sublimit of $2
500
000. The inventory portion of the loan will never exceed 50% of the outstanding balance.





















500
000









































































































000





















000





















450




































Stock issued during period for services
 value



000

















Stock issued during period for services
 shares



000

































































000
000













































































Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Describes when borrowings outstanding under a line of credit will convert to a term loan
 and describes the repayment terms
 collateral
 and priority (seniority) of the term loan.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.




























































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM

[899@U@BQX[2B!* 4S-
_/3Z]YW<)U










H%N


MD:4E

BUY1&)$6?

C?C8CWJV^:

MK9P\'1



%.70[@:0KX#;;J=W#HXGIB1


K
MD*)\3(Q%Z'#GEUQ?X]&2X]NF9;5NKREW&6TB4CG:9@39ZO*WF6QP54=SU5;
M\K^:CVT%4[/_EFMR)\





2YX

@[@'!8B\8:6P+D4B5
MI.+D[7=(R9);R+2 WL0ZS:^/
\-?99[(9_4#D3ERSEZKJWTSI_YWDJVD'&

M8PGO3B;UV)Z
MC



M9PT;'&!O J?B J(+$M*W)/ #OP5H[@Z?Y?*T*$-IRWAW?X/P7'M_MM;_]A



:W%#JBM9&[%
V2-L]-.UFY+1^;8[ELA6WWS
MC
C<*0CN@)JL;? [<;



MKG:NB@2]V+(]EZ2*$#)#'9M
 3-S^U$Q2G-;;&V(3OWZZ]E 9+5I*]+PDV

MR^)I4*X+*9;UHP=4(SY(!-)WKNZJ.]]+:XNU*9*DUQ^+5YR3)1_+J6J7J^

FYK+ZMOQ9P-3AX62:9S


MX/'G%^^W=? 0S(
HY4BE/Y)EM;KLA3VTE(]BDU8S]?Q%[@/RM;]8I67]%SWO
M;7$/Q9NR4ME^
?1V*#=[. 3]Z
 TI]E@+GVGFD0AS
M.SS_ 
]WPAO&L=KHM!8REI#CAU3V40[5K9UFBON


M.


:
MWM]]/EN

=
!O*)



!^+.*(.OVIV:VB&N'GF?O%E/+.J





M44H(0#PD:7W3BM[2146
&=A-

MH

0&LH3Z&G;2B

W=I
#]O]M()9NWEFZ5WTD4+[D
HT Z$0L:AC([&&


8E@AXI_ME''_ Y))_HB49;D6[D








9;4OLYD


MX&(W=KS?_#*UI&V#]S):$/7L #];3.7YLXM54(60Z*82)$U=B9XB\S0FQ




Y$HP5E(-83HD7*:!( 65DZACW
J(=$1
<


M




MV'N:^D6N
^#'6S!-(C91=D4%7RE8)%D&KL&#.P-7?WP8#7.&I8@XW%3C3D[C
MXIYQ$0;+)
YW&3#C+=V^#3!D)&HF^




MIL


;6=B&HZQFII@;IKGV0&N



:D%Q:3GXNMJU+4D$54BG07)L90A1BKLD0O4





LB6=\$2DGY@DB
EK?8W\8;'\G1 ?

2\
WZ2D :/25B/7V+_/=*0;H*V5
*GB6_%
.+



#'^P:H;WV8%642Q




MT?#_B:@I4XW (R(;J@ML&! $]8Y!I]5$S@C7Q'F95P+[W4G.P'*WS]AWJO?.



M6@V%_7L*V&HU:!9K1T?ODU+X*7S?T[Q


76D#$-F:_






ZYL

'9#WZI4--# _7CHC3EO
'*%F$\3-B]PZW5@MBL
M!:U5HLT\([(JYUCJ<*\P+K.JJ82K;$[5J*E.$6V)K^R!11; .IF1NTL5EH
M6Z]$F_G&9(:FTXS.JZ%=CUN!B<TTU2)-@\=
WE+0 M;0$NLRMJIZ[K$@7*C

M7OX)_

MB^




M+GAM;)5536_;
 S]*X2Q81O0Q8[ST:YP##3IANY0(&BP[3#LH-AT+%26/$E)

B6GBHA#23H+2VO@Q#DY58
=-3-4I:


MGG$+'^=
4W)EF=,?(+/\ Y
5Y31):4N?V+-6R;11$A]1TH_A5A&;@:\R
MQ_PI04AI=;G%N]RF\4G&:\QZ


M=.Q7


M12KD?
-SE#G4J#.Z_M3K#FD^37I!PMX?NI)OAC4YA7L=H$*]\HW10*;6TC8/

4EGJ

=L+5+XRR++5V$)O^;/

HE3

M=_9?3./G92F_Z%U=K
-G



MIN^RHC MP;8EKUK*@_MRU66

__
M!WMUNW7*#
YWE*51G B4 NH$4


M.:P%KG^ ZW\(+OS_)




MTC5L%[9^ C'&UFV &XG3%U1+']#V1-$)J*(1&IV@KMN:]L#,[]Y_NRC?X8
MTD3
SC)A_KH!_@H]09^_9P= DR((I&:%4I @K3.4KB\E.3H996(DF


DNM:Y
M#J'





M-Y-]HOWTANX/:M _)-I&?KK&R5F&_YK\=$/
/0^[K&4]E(:1$QK6**F
QM^'
MLS-**D2)%SF5\D6' M@NEGD)\[C:N9!15@8*[3LLUCZ*+5]1EI1@-V$.?O

M$C9U)


Q5O
/94%U)(9XFM)G$

MESWLZ

MYW'7U0@8RJN8




M
!WV9T/TZ6:X_00!VAC)R.?WZE\T_
_CZ'O_;CA^F*'^^ 9-(=V:C@8/PYOJ

=K J8-JV*$K5V8E[TW?C1UUT/?QC-![+L.[^%DV&T]']
MC9&50:
#[F-MN0QWJ\PCI.U(*REG)VY7SR$UA&_M='2UI]1SM3L2@UV#=IV.
M4G

MSH2L\Z(^ I\



\)^G^\ZO<'5T]@/PA:V*(+AK=^'R

M/
)=[7V#P0X[H(3:


M+@W@[XL
-MWN%SG X=7OU?\!4$L#!!0    ( (&(CU)/X12\-P(  #T%   8
&ULE53;CMHP$/V54:1*K;0B(<!V












!. U4AW3#L
M0$


_!5+C-+ X.+LXHOQ:.P





*(TOH!


(:F.1 O@\%\P(OL &+/$3^^P;%G=6
MC4X^&D8)@R&W:

R^JCUC:C]E-5)DW+Y

MKPTYGYZ=V^GED\ PUZ(?T?JDUAJF0$PB?NNQ4J4 !40R*)2VIM
!.O-#8P





A_;TD;PAY



M\8J:(+IMROUB 0+J?5?/N(:V[ H\Y7'T-](^NV1*%3-(BY&K\K0Q@W7-& V/



M_49R.]*7-T)6F$$/*Q1B*X3+;GW:IN$[9?(.CD9'+TG=WX





M9&

MU+$^WEOZZ$^O

MY%ZZ\PM1A'73N[
MQX?'=DVG[L2L;MJ0+1&[]+OK=.-!Z&.-YG1%G R0!']2%?R=YY3IKOK1;3U_

2\/!Z6;]GIA.[1=
M\$WS9--











M4^K*FKI*&KWZX=GU].6K4QQ/ _YA]-9&/R=XDD5=?\$/;_
?GIT@0+K0RQ97



MHZVNVHPDX]-:@W0LZW*358\X?F6JK%J:K$@L#-$@@RW-:F'@#0]36]WH!/3

KNL[3Y-V[&W^LWA!WM%3M
M71BA&P-H(A!=%P6<JM6-$!245H%4L000<'9E,]*(-EEG]SI9:%TENC@7#(A
ZSHM/N-W[QFR7;-!H9$)_BDIT
M/S-DQ?M8P\=Z/P!2#8!D[0M#&ET0)NS:;&R:5'5UC+C5('[97:.9DU*'WARL


MC


MWES?OG+*2XV

DH0TR*XA]O




-'4YMG)_-9PJ@R;)Z]5*DWN?
M7 

N0YAL.1Y#$$T%6KV&HT]6V
X


M?NH:_(8HO#9@(O[H8!\F
UJJ?814
3^)%2Q X\-







'GVSFK0?W9&-X2
M1'L#1E

&%4B\8_?RCCK$.S0T
M+'4'^A@
E=9L

I!PSH:8W-BR(
<='2:''3Y)+G)[#J%4S(58!'\!06W]
/K
M/SH#BI0
78Q13&BW\!^&D##





H]Q&Y1J/0BQ
MHT#PD&$0_8(






4*SF9?JI[%


MRQH9TUYYW2W:55=$N@]


6&;+5H@U9_CR$[D]--K^5& BY



MA2R 9TJ)((9DX?)3UN/=;@/G!D_JWN/&H=?I24_
H1^%SMJQ(TV4H-F1AK
9
M&'$G#F#(SR[YX[A\TK#!;U%6=^0G+OJ0]B?V=J4_/(NO7X)K65KDI
 E+
DH








MQ2

/J&+


M1(9W.IF=LW!.)_/Y1?+Y%G0/0HMFXO
LI(B#;IQ<^\W&F8]_)T1(51_#'X73/@*@=Q49CZ@9R1?3?\ZJ





Q+I/8T&R1)N^7.JO %T@A8L74TA?XZ09!YG;QO]4I.
P-
MN
4WZQK0DU+_-LSM

MO'!2 IB.(M&:VMLUIC8Q]H6($?0K^M#@

]F]
C
ME\][#/U0(
C/P8'A@FF0HL4C
_2&=)@+P1+4?HWO8%T9O(=$#BK:D(%'X'I9


9UCC\0O






;AL!4


+[\!U8 #B;-B3X?FF(0





=7LM/N9R 
OW

U+NPOKJ1!H9ODME5.I]?[$R.@%&_U94T/!P:




D^^37[E-G:Y6[M+


M
U=AN)QBM2$]6&)07^UK^

F@'B$J NZ7(:_8L7/&3


MC



D:!XB.RN:W_%
5/9_]9BJ/=XC=XX*#'V#
:@B?2B:$
M5F),.!W(#

&G(5]%7^!C_[38@)Z1K&8

0/0%'%:)ZDD)

U
M':]Z)S%VW ZT1@%RQ-?$]


M88#F?-!KJU9=0P%4KNVR






M?O#F+PX#C30:X3RUYW4AD@E^9*FNR#

M8I2Q3WNE:^+O)VX$H=1WZ9Q=2?SY=YUV'C@V;9S

M8H

!'@&O''-'+8HKX(#*S[K^E5

!Y?/H#YTG^S'E&@
\:MQ7SDQOYAR&,B#R&P4B<_C=1D/U+IK3/D_)U;LT^[U^F<I#BR5M_

MMP#78H

5JNEAD?%;9MAY!.9B4Q//K.1Y+KD5





CU9Y2:CB$W1I.&*




ZY_$= GFIR 
M(


M\? 



M=^IXJD_/?(

M^A_ X8N-\B*&#Y G(1

QPU=*E/O./\G/#J?G1.__]R!ZX_K'.1U

M!XE
CW*$
#IJFXBSB'OZ#4


M*Q



*__E&_]O$_?'+:_Z;CV$X_^7


E5G




MK



MWGG3CL9@T$H]_(J[




7_@07V^.]7[SU:M\N?D.
M@@JII+\/V\]FX^




J$KAQJKD!O4N:C^A
ZA:WTC
M/ 8!9DUP]TA4UD];PU&O1:'XI2+YKPLM.YHG+=M]G)H.)KWVPVB95J?!?#[
P#X8JWTO<D!
M+'LHVDN1[FUU8O)Q0YE-R

KBXJOH0[L)^J
M6XUODRY**DJ01BC)-&27H_GLQ75
X]V SP+69O#
*).%4O?T\C:]'$T)$!20



M\$4![*VTH
%8]D9:8068BXG%!6G:)&F7_O@T9[@LXB]5]+F!F.DD&X&F#2






MQZU8?)W@2TV

U80J27AM
M'!#=R1#T L'RI08'UJNDZQ4
Z

[ =Z2HLEO@ZG6,4H@Q82LKWSPIUB?4B











RYX;6RE5=V/VS8
?\]?01AY: $M
MEC_RX4



MB&X9.X+UEW%Y@;@?(-)G()(4/FCE:@MO5875CP QY7--*GU
ZCY]$?$-EA/(
#/S<[ZPRUQU\O
MA





0!
M]#[(3V%(



O
+/LI)D\],$66#/GNMW+@N^6&OSL5@J58I/
M69H7+X^69;GZ_O2TB)8JDT5/KU2..W-M

R+LO1TV.^?GV8R


UFH:YW^DL3E


MOGJM9N6+TQ*4Z/MIY%9=V57#/:L&0_&CSLME(=[DL8J[!$[!0LW'T/-Q-3Q(



\&9V&_WZ=_@5$/.GT@VJFC&5F:




 @AL*7#N%
M1DZAV!D[!DYA/?%AF11B+J




M=@176?%]\
U?+L\GE\_%E3;&WH 9899]=6*%EZ,CXF^2I-%,DOA%5&DJQRV
M-I2R8.D:\POR9 CT6D3*P/5ILFO51)+3@\/

^
M;+
=*5
B^5$J@* QB&9P0*)9]&KV/WA;@'M =DI*EVGR'^M^H%:4B
P$?FB=
MD;9S#NG\?85M*) Z

M #Y2XEDN0*NP!D110GKF71AL9C+%%JI%V5L65
F/ .L?T2I)#DE^6?!?DV

08AEB&T9/\ P2D1+F2]4CT!]*X0=K.S#]H MJ




H [02(/D



QIHJG+=UV76MS0I]
MCT358O#

M@;^CZ*9VN0A.Q'V%.B.F! V1VQ8D2*ARW\6MFI54C!5MJ B@)TJQ&Z7P%FH
M+R_#21TD0 T7



6+W4&W O8
[QVR7+6
M2WKPPFTYG#)YUXW&(_8J&%SVX-
YK
QCGSK0F[J_VZ\4%4$1(+DR)PS$P89#


%LM
;HX !X'%\?4
MW3-.9&&-).PA4]YKP)];.1F3*)33GV;/'S7Y@Q$9A;[5JYL=I$ -_[1]#P*
M0YQZGL@%6Z3S GISK3#5#;4C#;/BZ!!#
I(9*(ZD!JS[FP+G.?#@6'VX?GY

1@Z9&



//-$G-<CFTH%]VA

M;QZ[]PJVI03+ZY:4=C14))]L?.X7

HWG$'4]H4
A@\




_&8R3.* A

MQR_K\8.X&7

'7A_G-S0VXRV'9DD^N?X^0IP;!E(\G


MF0P%K%O63FY-.\TSEZ7*]S7!-#:
(E.I%NBYHCRR/N)'Q[MJW$[33?S6:GPV
M[

]^&V1+KXFTLFM#T7ZB*8.3P_T#T9&C^*OU/__

QQ/YQ<


/QN^-
QV+#U$_R9H9!)^


_P5.




R2!4J\R1!XL^]NE)%08)@QI^-S*-6)6WL_MY+

MVGF[;3;#@JTVX:]\;'#H;)@/7]B0-AM2MCLH8BL_2_/SRK[(I:#6GT@UWE

M&K]QXA\F5WE?P E




M\7 XC


MVTBS5@*4*F11[&%4?];:[^BI%X.H'X-O6)G$Z6+BMU&5JH-1+/RKW^9I\GL
M[WU/V4E8A_5@X.4?8$7AK2B4O!,@:R'W073B8:,JM=RQ2%:PL06X2+:6QM)


MO^Q3$V_$VB&SR!U@EH-M!H-5D



D'
M4
)IU'?V!KKPK@E(B S5)

9E&%UE&:AUFO4SA.U0Z@)N

M 8'QY'823Z9IO)B-.N]NO2K%]U(D0PY%=%


#N9B;Z'.9LF#FV868AGGN&-IV*+ O<=CCPA\Q5WC/[F4*+23 _3Q<






M!VEUQATYXE%



M/
=P1FWM4CKD

 4)M?










MG:AKX+*-])RN1;+&F%N#%H3P0W:26S)D5./RSWHH@--OP+*4GBGI-T8^%Y6
M6)TQ




M

'S2L:




M='


]$RI!4_=HCSK)5$TZN5<%IW+


N5&W*CL=YG:Y47GK
-2

M9C^JU4^BCF=(_F8J


M8)



+MF1A;WLEBP



*]7T@A

M

Z

$TC1:RMU4A6#\*

M#I


M)BE[?;+)/;C*@YU%FS;O#Y4''323)#Z[8'JUHUIQ@].S\^_Y]VT+8) 5@.
K7N4)AXF$[


)D
R7W@P84UN@.1
M'D&7A

M[48ZV%+ NNY0PH83YZK@.:@!([87*TPX](8




M0-I&J9JJY_D9WN 9%Q#IIS@:



@I'PZ
YQ




M9\/0]R?#G/&B=WILWRWDZ;&H=


MG9ST? 
(



O\(8A/!&%#I5\*I(
-D7

@Z(O!MQ(9%36A/7(#]YC,=@BDR :
M2[2 LI)Q2A& R UW_5]'Y0)BP*Q

T1/W0
M


)C^I

MY.

MRO^///6[T%M8B(+4/X]C1D\ZYG^503&9:UJYD.IP9\#[W5X&MC\T6PIU.V4E
M
5*9-WZJ:*(XI)SLL^VU[H6
2X*35=A9:EW5.M?B)_748KX=&BAN0EZ(3HRU



6WPZNXU1D
M)KWJZ)LT



MM).^/YI

;NX
::^Y0TDH-)5)Y)$;3'H+]S-P;^#HE3W!E4=FH



D=$0
@3T
M?27H]M4\& 7=;R&G_P)02P
$%     @ @8B/4G*B;KLC @  NP0  !D   !X




P]WK!#0KAB9R
MGR-G-*7TP-/SD?UCJ-W5LF
6-UH\\8J:970=085[U@EZT/TG'.NY]'RE%C8\

MY@^AU(!VXKCR'^61C+OE#D?%$S.&*;)Y3([-^^)R1*X'9/8&
LW@3BMJ+'Q0


M;+DMA;:=0?B^VEDR;C9^G$FXF!(N0L+%?S3S/#+(2M


ML[_5'9\
E$13A[6Q4.I.T3!;DW?:S-4PD+_#A[6^8Z;FRH+ O8
N]Z,AD\P_:^*7U!+ P04     !B(]2
M/!;.1OH&  2#P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



1*N11MY3[H[4^RSV=*]@I=6?_+MIULDHQ8
MT5JGZUX9$=2JZ?Z+AQZ'(X4\_(IWO$/N[.D8_RC7#BZL+H+3
D#6OTX%/U

/TEY
'S2^J3HM6\Z[?@KVE',?M&-6UOV
M8U/*\K&!4(9XHGW\=S$SUI\(XLQ2R+.XC .G[&7#/DEWE[R?'Z?Q -[HVQ1

R.S;#KJM*%\+S52[:4

MQ*

V!R=B
;N53N'
XZPR\ZTX.]
M RQ


MXV5PNQ;-BFC
[D75=@ )@D] F\WG

M -VP*

)9<L]\:58@-PHUG?!XG







/AB8YG 9WD

)*7JE%.






MZU?L:'IH9U1]4++C9&S/R'+:-(U;C]VTATX/$+D2
0$!!@ CV[^^;T%2ENO&
?P.G.^4^A9(YT5QD;SH9EC/6;R23D)5<JC%W-%E\VSE<J8NNW
MDU![5D52JLPDFTZ/)Y72=GA^FLZN_?FI:Z+1EJ\]A::JE+^_8.-V9\/9L#^X
MT=LRRL'D_+166[[E^+&^]MA-]BB%KM@&[2QYWIP-E[
W%PN13P*_:]Z%@S6)




AE&S]%O)(ETK


M83@8926.\3F39 KSQGD$+QY8+71!UD6$


X/TV@B'EH6K!7.)








MV^20Q&
WR1DB5R+&(



96\4:V)MV[_
!@ZOYT\X+#N'9<H[!TI9


)



3E36I6ESL;F


[A#




M=#(S+GAM;*642V_;
 R [_L5A$\;4


9'09#(_7!_J'F#OG

LI:F

P-?C6&F\=

ML5SH00@.QF=P^0=02P



] QT965?9$(8+K[=/?IWQ
M


!^V-CWJ]\71C?'51



?[I+ YRN*EWWN*IAIR_NFN6
M3GUI5.7%FRW^NHNQAUIZ.

J7K;Y6DD?JW$6[6TT+P7YWP3CWP/<525


4JG $;%7TN(G  8.






%P6CW
H

MST;BYX=DY!
1+D?]J&P2Q73
AM9<V/DQ-NIBIF8_

M@7I&#VRK6%?(;E$$4IBMXFC7F-=5UG4.9D91':6:0HJKN:WB
Z#5HYT.


M\[ -S+&.8=*3*V6.P&VE+CAND/YC-\1S;]8*BFW@3D1Z;2R62A15!U**$R8Q
ML\2JK2FVU&9I

3R:7%R$)-/5'*BD
M#48P(5(\*$9BP;

93/%!C52(^


M(T8A;

%&25=+S#8HZ&C)*#X#YIH-0+M+#HG@G=^$*GP6FQL3HMR4FA
T3RT











O

M/(!$4^PQ%@8-2-;]^CE;+P!!6';N/06273WZ=-G7QH_WM?-)[O5NDT^ET5E
M?WJR;=O=B^?/[7JKR\S.ZIVNX)=-W919Q^;V^=VU^@LIT%E\7QQ?'SVO
Q




 



M P2EJ?C?[+




ML]D$8D\]8D\G

M7R &R022P !@U0V(QEKDVUVIY.5UE6BP/B*A/J6

W_H9Y/G]#?8


MS\%  .-A1HPAI U3W*'F3 S




L5






ML&\5]A!/O

KI




/DOP#L2BQOY]W_$
M/X=%8?







O5$_)QA^4%SA[F_HN.3U-STY.X(_YZ3*]

JV8D%7&#HI. Q-F@?0V%F.'&.8?'D,7M'#0$[<HF:U0N,)
M149L-/.*#,!Z-'*JQ/ 7:L_(IC/KK@#3W,T08K&\P#U0^9:B_1ZGO6#!B]
MS.MNU6ZZ(I+!H,6=+L'<4MTH']5Q$TH,J <GV08NN;/82<6@+RZ8B\3Y2%&

M!/J-@ ID@W!DMZC-6PE7@



N*%#8:


M

:V1Z9*Y2^
3KC5?PN;I[WXH 1-
MBNC9-%0PE* 'NH







ML@8HF1(FBR!
%I

==#=ZBX79!&^/30$K81K[
M0KT&)C5$H&1AF


O&@97QNAT?W&)3BDC2;?(
R8[4R+9J(6
MSR\WC.$-60S_RX5L'GPF@%S

8TBI6

.3GA' 0\*RXS!86B
&JGI
MQJS=8D%%7_&X

M2)NNHK!05H@80UQ1?9?








K
MZ17 V%)B[TU9DE;Q$=40L:2!;\_!0_69.FP8HFK&,!5SS@#8C#SM^I(3)AV
MO)N*Q^J+


MP$8DA^6PIQIUZQ_BL..@!# =13!JZDK2F#+ F$FC@8@*='S S#-V6_HDLN56
MI\'
'^H0G(W\X
$3MJ H8F4P8;Y7EVIGT.25CXOG=AUO2.Z\PRVO9@)6#C


#[KU9-THMT&&A-XERR1;H0]*30FG

MX_&ZR8'CI7P\&U8]]@TN

5+


^#S9*WG5_+XU'1+'Q23+OL5;'IA$6Z[+PCMD)B


MB^A!%N52YBL'7?*C-.6
TQ]T)\[/!';F2L+HRB2M%KW O(,G$_7LGK(O+5(
MH:I05F!-:8JL 3ITQ8^KNFG(A8U






_H/#3_3
-


Y61W(


MN.?;U'R7R($+PBC:6*

OL4RHHD=&EM

* WSAYD\;WUHEW;'4.D-! 6#(*B//
MDI,#9!1@0 X<_&KRCI-%Z%983+<;O)*$'Z!EWW2S3HW6X!D] 2_=;+^/5;N

MK


M%

M



LIM=RR
MFKHZ3Q1$ONBS()N($M[&/NZZU)GOYM\)0JG:W+DD$E+W%VP.'


M_21?LY\18+&TRVS\;?-5=
UJ?'WO%W;
]\!- SF)S$81_QEI:'D4J7SB+E

B-:S=_9GX C(
MS;5G 





OS()%_T)]AS&N\TW6+%T(!DMA2
M)(.(NS8'TRK4I6#X=AZNQ


__&%-H.WF(E^Z?R

=^IM






M0(@O\^K!%G4@C7?$BN]K[



M$3A5J@[-]2*YH9?6;'PSTU4_+M ?V(\NX-3#Z(+A]V[0F6&\6F:G%PK4G569




PKV78=/^

MG@!WB17UI?DH4LQ@

M3 7WF4_J*&(\M@:BZ_/F%YA:\R%






(E7.#7;5IJ]+!3RF37G6

ZD)Q&IT:

MJ

M
 K9:(C3$^^)()./3L3Y9YVD4[DM6..=!O#.$-0=AE-_


*W#VX(C!

V:SN(
&F)
'DS$0C8A0(7DV4=/C3I


:EB6QYE
MZU6ZO)$[KXY]K:E23_SQ+/!67[\UX;5
P?O


M3WSLGR;1
4D\7#?$ZX


/)@/;'K
C9D1#]ZQJ1]M'Z=*]Q7;+W8OVU<;@?HR2'#K
MX'**]R?E7HFN8V1)+[.U-'CZ4S/%AS4HNP#G$SSVFXY5T#[5%_\!4$L#!!0

M+GAM;(V5WT_;




M?G9RIJ11@A?



M[2#*.J+
$V5O$-W0_2MJ:@1%FQJ#UH3PA5K#1=


MUV#Z)1A)N P_U^()VG:&7KK ?*L+]
#09TV]QVJ&NNU_
CSH;;KWFFK!.TCB
M.!P
CWN;9=O+TJ

\[RNZH99$9:&7%54@M+-

<&E X)Q<XX.CPP!T


)_6;(
/
M:'[52T5:T+'DO





M\I&O:





M.ZD^ZRVB@:]-+?358&M





MB@OF0G5VQU8UZE\NAX946

55L\%#
FV@X')




#8G/;-Q[^1

4GT.(PV2<AU$4@=XRBH;U9+Z\7I K3V20A/DXLE1!]C/<XUE

+290<.,L#HM\%+RE$ ACW8[#O$C\45Z=+<TV

MBJI%RN=LHQ ;%YNLS^

M/



UK:0WGNBZMOWJ/*A!
8F1\P
O]AC*3LNNT
MW@J_95!7H+ DQ)_! *Y![U.



M970S

M

&L.1;(Z29AFMK-U=Q
M;
HU-

5]R@5;T :KB31L)J&

$ DKK$!C^?85K$
(!(8TO.\RP
M/](Y'H[WZ#_[N^-=ELS M1)_\



0*]* _@KA['X-9*4$5AN7-;%..N+O
M@A5

M!CU30J-TYWE&DSRBQ1@=:411ZU%&@X]*7KBH@$5&M09H?+PRDO=.T2AU/NDX
MHD

DV
MUP

Q+GAM;(U6;6_;-A#^
M[E]QT-:A!1R)HM_DS#;@I
:=E&'LI8%ED:J$C1NYL$R/CT;.7VO<MQ;P[6X)9






*



$=2H-PI275P!/Y-;IIX=B=

?OI=^P[*UI/




 AM%8)R!S/M8.@[





2.RGH=M3Q#CS9BO6+NUHP3.K-UV!
MFT?0VLHNI'A

^]%OHDBX#DV((9?GG&8KC9Z<H$!/%Q=(91

5@\VH#MZ)!O\Y7&F5^7F00HTT1QCA-LGQR[Y?*%1I/F)UB
M'OLY#ER:$C]*




%FH:C#.\+U3TENXV1:_=\FTN#CT&W7.'KFRNK
M@-\74IK]QCKHW_/C_P!02P
$%     @ @8B/4O?CSTCP!0  ]QL  !D   !X



M;AF:.9%D
\FC+^O6YHNJ/C;
M$CJOWL.S[U'&*A.4DB2Q2Q;M8&PT^$W07 A/L@SZ*;$XOV?/!K'WR[#R4H

ICI*HP2-J)JY8J#N2$&R@D0=


)-#0.
M[3S^61\3



M


M3G'+$Q.WTQ+#P=C.P?W)KW6TL50R-@2




$%     @ @8B/4O!Q#P$)!P  (2   !D   !X

VB5




MO!2!V!DP\ X
P
4 ?.R H!@0&*(Y
D/KAB@RNA1\@X2V!F_ZPL3&C 8V+-7+


 $IKW1T
MYRQEBIXG$+88L521=

LHA


ZA+F#[M[
M/1QT^[TW$*N&V.OYWD&






M0GRMH+ZE

Q8WE8;L5L;OX.WVV&OV\3;2BQV2^RC
M_OZ@MZ=N'\_0;1KSE$I&SM!4,/0[29_@\HZ^L(B;.J8;R_LE2UB6@:?C F6E
M%+NE].1 C1L<#H.F0%DQQFXQ_KKAZ#-/S\E\#NS-&U\9K/2TS FLJ 9N43T]
M<QH<XJ;,:S\!F[YU0$YC;:5S:!1-D^E[788XB;:.Y_O&A2REC;ZUV;#4;&P
*K4 ?
MUR):$FGKR5$QLH9O+-*3AH<8K\I!E8E [=*CDG$$QX?0SBT*AB^MPHV.
3]

46OT+W?I7G %)]$ CRIZ);O./
M(;]S




7]
N-Q/O-![/7A@ZQ+M@3\=;^@:
MEH/FX4R.[]ER5D%0C

D90-0 HDL!
G0IGPF;-N7J,PM,SB<+NMV
M$UF0)5L+5K



=PW#6B[$+5=B!Q??(:O
MR^X_=ROCF_E?_/T@0=PFB%VY$P9[QM1F87\-:A+N=KJM11V;&QFZ9I/TG&
M_N[0X-.H
(U'P5O8D=D%9I\*/3@QV*E=LFK?H'B:-A%3Q.WVG84DXOK=



+@9& 95



4^

G&J\D



MU;L!

TE94P5Q@*AE-*6KXC-[)K**H5M]HPVUHF &CQIS


_@8(
M;81-F

MP\\)\CFJ7_ ;)E107O%FJ

P;E
SMD?.
+Q4M[24Q4/E=




O



SO64I6@]!



E=T39:
-F!\X;
MAS;5



ZW
#?EC.R=F[\\Q'
M(]LF]XM.XFTK


ME/E/0WL.H\(H&*=QV





_8\@
M_P-02P

M#OW.YTZYK)G!6R6^\
+6D^ Z@ )+U@F[5)N/N






M993
)#JXA0VW1-XJ]-%K]$?N SXCNP+?T-8@= Y+Z0(6UH(8Q7T#7QNT@OI8




ML.K..7.]T CV**R#

.XUC/]/0WX\9.:









@%(=
9=+6K+D%%ED(TL.
MR/S82SP[6:\EZYTBBVUDG2CMS@.QQAF
'&6_ O@&G#'J.$+]5DZ_4\Z/%2@[







MJ&(^#H+4KPCEWGCH;'
Y'HI:



&:%#


M\K7:9X#I*CLQO0A#*%[HF4Q!;X''U$CXL;=/;A?.AKLZ -\_-6?-J(XR/B
M(49W@NM2H4^\@.*M@&](.UR\PYWBDXHWD%^B*+Q .




LA ?E.R]'QZ$01@=
M5LS?:RX5R+7KN0KEHN:ZN;B=M6OK$]?-#NQ3T^Z;[OQ/IOE7W!&YIEPA!BLC

M   ( (&(CU*5$6W1B0(  


M+GAM;'V476^;
!2&_XJ%=M%)7?@(T*XB2&VS:I7V$35J=S'MPH$#6#5V9IND




-#F;@Z&
:_*-*D5M-M]GOD$(
M*^47PX8W_8;1D0WG4$S(-#PG41 %C\LY.7OW2L5'Z./:/01.=GI$=GOJJ:

M^ C1 Y1=?_.8($**0@JC)



8H.\R0C3W*2


MHI4*^21 !4@MK-JF?:!6[2ZF79CD0*PZ-K
=Z/;K=YRD6: ![0;L^+PGSWEM
MGTSV4CWK#





V%U\



JR
MN4E=P6U507B@D\%[Q,ON*!%W@=\OEY^0*2/@E]*_?'AW(7O6P
#1I#@S)?








=$&P9&
MKQ6.

M;.KI&[Y$Y
H^85W'1IX#R5)I431@4E#PLGZS3=.''0#Q' 8$#2#8!T1' &$#


\/TW@Y









:$

MU
BD+





 IP4X[P6


FCCS?\2?F
MID]VW\IQW2@*.[-7I$8=J=%14M] B#&Z2)(JKRB6Z@NDH$YI0KN_2&VC3^_
MQ^-SXF^.W0'S.QP9$76




W3IKJ 1FC*;K.2\XVH'41


$^
M_ TEV;0LB92W-U+8]F<X7 X

[I'<V_KV\Y/)WNNRB
MA*99Q%+$Z?+=T7OS]YL X)RQ!\1?<CV/B.QE#EC/\3#;/'NR! 2T9B&N6!!
MX
 /)0AJ@N!0
M)+MOXXSMSAE#YS!WF]W:[=Y9MMMMMO;;ZB/9;KAYN./]LVRWWSW_+0RW]+V










MG6U(7- &FRC=P/8S_H1(7I)F)*&E4H\AAYS_$](Z
7M(.:!
*C(QD'D!3)
H



1_^J]IL^0D6:=4;6FLV^



M22* IU




%I1\'

M;%C-4&_#
@!C34D@9(
$&RJ#_ DM^N11
RD;3E ]_.677]J]PJ9@

MR$)'5+YZ$=7LOD$!(DI)$=0?5E&X*NL:@#.H:XH

M.?
XNB





+I@)!.G0K<\6D =@G,@HJDI#R)K3.5
M9<1!X 74I^)TET!Q68NDRE0<;2.&FB?XZM3I]V?=+IZ

MUCG]5
E5



=:[O2OAQ

M^N5-E!KYA[C^WM7 ES__F[KM\S_'\'SWT/654S_#]26\N2]\/#C5
-2ZOD0B
Q*//#5\



MO_]B=[[]]@4^K]U'N^H8INBX^A(6?#4L--_.0$L21K$X4Y$^3S)QTV5.XO+R




)!OYP2=GPU3KR_F*(I! ^&9L?H
MZG:0B\BX[:L#[H@WZ6[\CH

M7)[2I0LPD3)IGXL@]66YI )7OHK#B]=7L_
O7]\
VI:]UY/4 ?;P;2WM%7L-


D09



S

E[TTEQ[U%.)V*GTR3GCQ*I


3RD*(9S.X7][V?.

*C;Y8
MI*KX18?R7;^'XIW2(BN%P8
LR8__[%N9B)H #EH$2E N@K04H!V%0A*@:K
M0%@*%*%[Q]B+Q






M


;0G!H!OILMN^6#
M,]PB%JW$C<!+*Q2)?,^E3A8IOZI:%JBD(U[5ZN!J=A1+8M4XD;J^6JYY<]5
MBUK$TG

)=*:U]L9_Y9+^^




\&3UXE'?CAJ




/XM0&B[3!
M(M9?\!^I=!?JZW2$O+Q[Q&(H(4(+$0X +&FZFACFIH'!D$^T8P56KF5[N*








M1?
W(79GGF5.U+Y(AF$$Y;$%K5OC9ETTO.XMN4Y
R;B8UG$RH6E[BSI&YL_T

1
M[K-

M-TFSX@22=&6#9H2&=A_&/LCV.1;5BRO)2?OO=Y)=+X/6ZP;[DNA.=\\]STDZ

FCX-+
@M+:ZB(


VMA3%@#5ED#S73D!,J<W+-:,HXLPR,VZ\%^D\NP5+&S2DY
MV5 -TI9@64;Y:1):Y.VJAUG+<=EPC%_A.(S)6B& (9]D#OGO $*[E3'SZJ7



HBI)P?\PG/)HL O3.ST]7KI:V
M&3*=MQO1BV8R_0IOYON:ZAV3AG H
#4:G.
MTLW
; RK*C^G4F5QZOEEB9\9

MD:!L6J5U0T5='Z8]F.0@5A.;V0YTTO[XG1U(V09(?4ELYWX?Y[
OPZU4S[I
M-/!2E4*/O

M.G1K


*?BYW6)





 1
Y3'E9
M&\R= UBC@KFM%OR&U_H=





H
M]%!1)H?!6JGZ






M3=


 _1O(_4$L#!!0    ( (&(CU*=KIEL4 
  $


!3]*U:TAU9:
MFUP#(4R !.V^'CI5[3XT37LPR06L.C&SG;+MU\].:
)&DDXM/(#M^)YSKW-R

MX=

+U (AV3S^+$#]2I.%[@_?D!_4Q1OBUDPC1=2?.&)64^\
MR


VPZ5G)+E-MMT=R@*+6(MLGQS-V56Z/L56[CS/2ME
F6



M.
[37##9FE4AG^FSD5-Z50(H5[*9S!

MQR;BP4'M






N)D9NB2UQ(
M8RVR&*YMEX_*;;#7EU*:AXDCJ/XW3/\ 4$L#!!0    ( (&(CU*EPM8]4P(
M #

!#'OXJ%




MP!H ;FQ&1B^'N *A+)T

PU74GSCA:GF7N*1

MH


V(G#3E_ 8A'AV!ETJLBI[*_F(0MCFH1QZC^
MT*8#;7J
1L=HG2K^2UHTT*)CM

5I\2(MH0H-Q
MVFR@S8[1HC':[)]HR4!+7J5]J0#;:6E C3&3P[L2SH+)-'H&]?=Z@&VGGYC:
M\$83 24J@[


^#=
E(

M@YV561B3) UI AB9G_8^PT_W+LH!18L_0_*25MZ#/)0G2K_G'VYFISTK]XA$




CY8#-]B[D_#K)@=




X=7P.\-X-6



MG5J8SBY
1QOF.4W6G/ORNH

K(-H

^[^4C.VR.EX\]:XCVO94T'&+/
M'UI8[J^W\]?K[B\OX-

MQ.NU-

7




MB^O-QI)FJ&GM5M+

MXUJJX;$%:=MZTCZ\&KDK+==*28R4]:\MJ-YN.4PBC#
1XPYMO#-)1N7(J/N9


GCD)%I1EE:+;T/.2QP


MZ?


((9 &PB./UM80!P;).3Q=PGJ5'.:
MP


H =!_1; KPRP

**-L3G3
K
MXA4$%\2C/Q'F



C36M1X P.TAFZOMN6C5]EXUNSN58ZPHV+
MB2QY)
F6QQL@8DG$-V;IGQ1[0#U_-#A:D[/#GB4QJ)(86).X3R4$8I5&_R!5



M#F
MZ!F_3K7$;P8A%?GS!HQ*_K+HC;(:F'6Q6U(MI'!&K\HS((%(DG
$IE]T5@/
0080<
AD%C0V)-K2:EEGK+D
[M1D-


M2/XEB[6
4?9&GT+58J[Z&&3AJM+9S:_?5%&EV4H
]=C5DV8VW2U.[29U6Z

[+1JLV268WR49]_BJ0

$%     @
1$

KU-^J)VEF8:N248ZEHJ($B?DTN(FOYW%D'9S%
\6=.AN#
M364MQ-9.'K-I$%DB9)AJ*T'

J\#1PM[5=9:6EVJ?'3






#-XDU@%/;26;^?6T@D S@A)GF(1BX
Y 5#H.8X2.78V2FWO7%<&&XBIO.5;2/2;%1<Q5?I6K%VY
M%4##M%


1NFSN9B
^$Y%+(&Y0'(7QU2\W$/$#V





OU'A\RVWW-0L).*QWEGS2!F27:E
WXWV% !-V9JA6A.7_245V@J!$W6

EK%F2
MZ%;=

NRV9?WX&$3!)EWH.


ZX6J%
CKZ36QK V-%)6(+8@S-!



9'!B@F]Q


%[LEA

ICV8Y))$]4=F&T+_


7;+]EU
M?3@ !*














M%!CD1)VCLSDH3*@\U[#[Y1R=?3J/?:4E&6(_;=)/Z_3AB?1!B&XY4X5$WU@&





B9'+W5Y
D;Z&1XA\6/



MH;\+0)@ O9]SKO83D\!]:23_ %!+ P04     !B(]2NQ3 I;4#  #-#0


YX;6RM5UVOVC@0_2M6MMQI9;$

M@B#Q:UHR;SPT8T]B/.1;594


M7M P@@IRU;B@^F\'4ZBJQI/F\?7@U.MB-L#3]JOW/XUX+69!)4QY]5^Y5.N1
M-_#0$@JZK=0SW_\%!T&&8



V
M'6V4Y(Q?DI$TO=!ALTNS*
KL
I).1N+./^@:PH I--$ERF^GNBA  
M!V@@G

BUPO86K_= 0CN!\'O


MC*?WD22[1)[K.QZ:./SQ



:Q
J\

MCU)'H=3@P@
  +8


M8.?]P1-;;U3]P)V



:!@[*=5+P\



/?_#2* YDUG!Y4X ^FNZE$KH9/M[P(7?NO-BZ#'
M!8G\*7JN6$:WMG URJ%1KH_?7BNDQ!^Y^_.H=*52+_335NHGLJ EP;)OK)7
MO='-[MK0&NWHS*F/$]^[0.M*D3@. SM:V**%@VBS#15
T:5.RAFOE&#+G;D



M=[:Y1]BN7$ 2W)
#^%0Q


-_K# D0M

M&;FSA9R

M#S%0:HF
C+N2TZM

M3]?R)8(J]XMVQ=O.T$/)5FG!2K!1P @OOOBAC



O$







M:-/'W3(SDQ:D?6#N33[U?F
-5+-[\@=02P
$%     @ @8B/4FWP0?XZ @



+@
M2%M &A)M(@MI+1BR;&QT38P_[=C\(M0FH%TV7/E;7*-QN]SA
+N7E= O &0&



M+-W  ^
/N/VMUG@TO$ W0K/?4$L#!!0    ( (&(CU*?

MW3UWE
\V0MZK%8 F#TG
U7EGI77ZIM]7X0H2JGHB!8YW%D(F5..E7/95*H%&


MH']QEM(EW('^DMY(O.KOK40L :Z8X$3XKQSZ;ZY]CT#R&?\QFC#CX3LY6Y
M$/?FXF-TWG$
(X@AU

M$?_.(KTZ[XP[)((%S6)]*S8?H-A08.R%(E;Y7[(IYCH=$F9*BZ0 (X.$\=U_

M (S; B8%8-(6X#J/3\[)(VCWR/-XF5%-+\ZDV!!IYJ

M+?$N0YR^N

=/H-P[SJG!G[=&NY.CN%]








U2[N/F_Q4O==N_ ?25;MRG:\VW


1*T6

8!O/-BW




W!XQFR]GI4+FQHJU3&SA-N



.DO_V=<ZT6*BJ V^*/7<L^MY:V:-

M%3\6;60;9N8%
IFN*)




$%     @ @8B/4HF\+L2 P  ,A$   T
M  !X;]S='EL97



TJ@F3(23L5C6



QV?@%ZG8HXD&K3(W!JKX($J


OH=.I5
M

P/+

O+G)E;'.=DKENPS 
0'_%T)XP


MG:4]VR]/06^ KSI


-47E2B.56QIXT^7^=N!)T:$B

M2P




ML
/=Y TX'^0%;-MY_#ON3B7A329$DUP/0*,

M]0^\L'-QMU0.028$9-(9Y
5XOLQ)2#3#B%_1 AR1$.NH.4?H$@#PG(PPXA
M6Y$\(B/N'+I31OXFZEW H2



JMB&FSVO+!%KIP7ES\K* (Q
M&N6'(;
@[I9-$\:A3#!D5L%WZ1QDV18/Y8 ALP1N3&9+!8./5]4JA:F
'S%G

H0)E


4!9*FVTHY[$'8\QR0429@MM8WX64SAO
M7D% [1QC4A9*FU43Q%N/SD*ET8)I9^$63^[:_-W7HQ)Z2=AUL].S(\.QYB4









MQ!8D6PC






M 'XE   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;
W:74_,!0&X+]=FM8Z=?\


-(





MJT*15:/(JE%DU2BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ460M4&0M4&0M4&0M4&0M
M_E/69VN7?QP_///6U-TAGPU_NYJ] 5!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (&(CU('04UB@0


4     !
MB(]20E


4     !B(]2CFE@'3 &   G&


4     !B(]2JX/E /D)   !+   &               @($F
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ @8B/4D_A

4     !
&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M<R]S:&5E=#$P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (&(CU)5O/\X@
  +H(   9



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$S+GAM




M970Q-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !B(]2.RFO\


M% 




C N

4     !B(]2
&UL4$L! A0#%
M  @ @8B/4M[Y3[Y<   P1

P  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='




YX;6Q02P$% 
4




M=#
T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (&(CU(4LXE$H0(  -8&   9


M@8B/4E

M='


W+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( (&(CU)'4$&#? (  '@%   9               @;@; 0!X;]W






M6



4




4     !B(]2E?2U=$,
M  \0P  &0              @($+




M   ( (&(CU*U'F%?E@(  #
&   9               @4I, 0!X;]W;W)K




M4P(  #

M-3




  5




M (&(CU(PO&#SS@(  



M% 




  *Z3 0    $!
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001493152-21-008924-xbrl.zip

K
RLK*S
K'W__WZ](4GHGC&K;U
MCQ_$#\









MBE/]B9ROEVL3:/8
&PHVB.

+KYKG@@EP;OC!_NB*<;%IE]UAW+L)Z.14M



MJ_)B/HOWG'IDG




MKQ-U3B?:;8AW4H#\02_4URZ:

MFBT]*-N?;^9SXE#9G= S^NKLYN[GG7:


M#[YQUKIY)(;LYU?/L)[6AKO 06[F%^31XR77%O3WR RMELC8GO9S?+&Q?8QJ







M4&4[?Q6!95OH09+FQRWB\HR\GE5[5CU\E0Y/!N5D*(4!PO;:^0I/+7ZS@+G6

TP?W;YN=0EV9^8#ABL'3&=


\B[[VM N8)P

^

M^+JVM\4=94[6@L6M]MXQON
BK29K^\_DJB\]ES? Y9L5(RDD-?7&GM6KLWJL
_<NH]W6,X_T*V^
MV=84*$ \<OKDD&,JE7II6(9'KHUG,KNR@)!/Z/,X=5WBN6=O7_7_L1WJ*XFK
M.-GD..[+W=R&,#V/=)1'#J*@^P8[/3CZC&/N/?
1$DBO&/QTO-#!_CA
$7)

6A

MTNGC@[R-VU5Z78UL8\RZCWA1:(WAC(7O?$KL73G\ ,PMI:S3NYUR 'N@!M
M!SG(40F@?L'W'W(H5ZAD$^.3MH(T8(Z)?YH
E9.A%+8'MM=.7N5W-Q[A=6T_
MVO\$DPC]-0
E398X]R7LNF!LPAC@)V
MO=7?4
6&5?/(%&\NX-.3HR^O;=TJ%&)[)!Y93 BZF9\ZCFX]D023;Z=1
_R]




]C6G=G-_
)PR-2SG8263NL!



BQ



X=4[X4JQ


[MD
/D

A=C[_E NQ2S!V*ZG/XWB('9#.=JZL9^*FU.PZ

TL*\?Z*V15Q#M]Z=GI


L+?_[!FV6
C$4;9)*N$C


YV

_!R%K'
FB
UPN]:EA

!S7&[05B
M?R66[GRSO2





F'X%B.MZ
MW/V #K


?


MM9S?!QJ1%H@-]EGZRW6\O^ZGZ&XS[$O;(5/=/7 6B)7CU!CBT]_2D5VKZ+
M7Y=RHL)?P.9$Q=HR&+?\=K]9O71)='?MD%\





H



MWNK&[



M9+=8=5_X=4*!K05D$:FSL0GVSBXU*^UMQ:\Q72#XT66^YW;TXL#Y78B):D)4

K6^ZR.'=DH=
JB81M6'5+MV;W
MV

M'$C



C::+(+9/RWKN$Q-'N-Q

M7O8E8+-;_0U'!_L=OG'6 'LAK[&F%$=M$[X-3P8![



;RZ%



NVWC*VU
M3SB;V2W[I33LD@DFK\N\^/'PGW0&:9EB_*A\7.TNC@X
V(DV\&#:T*&G%3

6LEC7M7F+&EWO=ZQ4J)9X-9Z&=+E.#!6L



M)ZD 1'DY-)Z

U4':#2Q!&'

X4I-;^

O=9E1R46E*&WL%?+53(!O7)Q




MI4?M.O37&
2U1'
M(U';KD







O\-W'J$9H/#IR=&7R$;-W'DH(RTXV K/W!B\M8F5

M-3T)]D%_]7

&KM

M]C=@(_Q4I4]O1]:B\PS4W
G7(GX;H71G:Q=CK%WB4GV
IIJP7ZH5E2S@A:L'



MYBZV)&4TSHH+B$]7$[0*47YC+3NDHE'84I6I0.'#Q*

UMYT5W9GFU6P+#R9^I2)*4.-84B3O6LN?=V!HL:-R?




%O@1!;



73%Z0OF
E;<O PP=V
MIQ=[[0NQT#\1!!M4I;T-CB_<ZK-WAH.Q7*%Y=%X
MH%#L%WOK.(STH%#=#W




M*3QH_ZS*Q[TJ2@I?T#)]^
I %#NVU2&(E+Q#(P9$NNK$U7!KAB+%IJD-5#D*
ME0

MGKU1 &U[5\25YFXDYH+U;TAT;3AERBC(8AJU7WTOR#']O=!D34%8L#*SIM0%
M


907
SBR-^%:%
MH?1
!0NWJZJR;;-%TZ34C4JO?%]#Y&EP'

C7AR\#3F3=

IB9(FBC'%=OMD#0%8C $GFJS%2]*7!Y!3EII!8E=
MJRKB.%4+RSZABT)0U!P:CLMD%*]KI0_8:1HL1

M8OK-
VJJM[(JC15-VS0NX\-7!J)@T?#A2)D
RP(1ZX17DPX:2*I8R[VTP2L
M4-#F':H3WD%:!(XEA/6F:QK\LC:1





&0P065ZR.IXR!]'R8$K3%P5




;@:0K994U)%6
^S2; 6=W
M2(X9DE6[-
\XX=.BBH'\88?_%)T
;QL]WO?1BT:4!)23AW#XP2
M&_T3#D'



J@]2$OJ

ML$V FPBJ4/@+V0:!VQ*'/I3$$1^
77'F7:F#U8%H=Y\WIV*U!T:E?:XHZI!O



AZ5K6CG9-@6G[QCHN$*8M#
M+.:O!=6=*H-:!&-Z!]




YM $W_U:)&@8=*E/:8N&._)LF\_ (GX?(=MZADT(SS86$ 3

;X.7CJ5T)
XF![


.?)RWJUO66C?--_J.;9&3-]!*A!55
M75P!_0)$G\-('^+]E^I1L\CZG



O4$SQ:(:=##2]#]8N7P8]!+

M 2OAZTS/:L.!'?]^#\^/+H5C8+?F\82@(=A?I0&L)4&L)L^(A\]-2*N5Z#
MN4R@OT!;;5H$9+) 7K'LN*!&T-AK#ZAM8=4.X5$WD89;I'V
'\J4Q]AWUF?C



M3/ZJ1D5Y*/-EC@^

5


MRF+^@Z*Z1,6]/G

+9&V1/4 J58@(^H5 /E8DU#JKCX
M5J
Z041IK
66)G7TJB 4K+B;\*(6 B$M3R:9&;

._:]DR?VJ8]VU!OHA$W


M=^!O+/)@+



EX5A



M



MLW/0ZM^ 25CJ@%NSE(TT%L/RDA7G;@E^%.CDZ&T+3%4FXSW?\U/(YI]34B


?#$U-#]FLLPCN/YR46-5&*48_$^.;/5
M ZQT!)6 0L#EBFAOW%2?:9*E


MG3I$PMGTZ'U^-+R9'M2R*SI#OB^!\QEN3M$
!'R@ZY]$=WZS7+RW)3/8_4O#

8GT\T?ORG)!94-I$SRU-7$C






'GSL50[

\Q7@X-_2(-:')I\EYPCQ5%.70RY.DM


M1V&==7QOT0=:K-D% ],;;52A5]O#\PEX?P^N[@!E]-$H405O-7_,+X]V=
MT)E-)$VBZ-&&M9=?0JUH-\A,3J1QL.,;5\5^B23)+I!B22-(I-0K!I#!@;5
M3N1
E:
:
)WOCL [/SHW)]U9!

M(WDR+








5B7R2E

H;6]24UKRLVX!NC0$W

MT4MR!N=:!QO-OK2=I7Y'P+[-NN IU]!2EH?J2)93?#
U;:(& 2O\P7LV'UOL'611Q^P0XCW






S6G1F
8#ADZME.HKC%

12V:*Q
M-V;537(SIP#%DH!8\!69W3#WIC[-R2(6@RID[/-DRQ($9R' \PQDN37U*=4U






RQ2J5-D[1UW#M#\9;$94_N!LF=
M+5![



([13C*I*+_NMWXGIAZY^












Q1%9_;.O^G1A6
1YRVQ#&B(.
M

&K;@KRP69
MA**-;4-CZCM_TH@(YX@6$)%]EFBD__T4:WX:V!N









DWA1'?W
%#  1

!\& HC&#\)=X5'0BRD0OF
M


7$%YV^M 1JKBU0B2CIO[B

^+?+@S36*T0/3K(


3P+U28F$:.3(3
3^%A&T!(8?[8#AD(Y)5
L2
X4%D(NTU2DJ

M2IPG& J_NB
V=QH(+X:WR)(:=&

MOSWS94XT$A -M@Z^%!=O/TH#!:!Z =L'#V7LN$9F%@

&-S^%A'%'!(^_/W4@


JIS?[[



M












 91$U0&D8

MUHUAL?=!^C*(R I7!H[A4 /;


 Y#R4RL*IMTZ_859C;N7,9_,W3+PV0S% G1[J:GW1)K ^4$<#&/+Y]


M
$&)XH/.B7W%4 0P)\ZD/8#R.;3.3D&;
@4JQ44E^UZ!DY84-'204'^(?R'#
<..BYW

MC%)=3X8N




M*N:V%5S*T8 +3HC%!*(O9^
A)AC%MYZ&



F%FV58^XH .X=\\B%F#FX;?V_F&'QIU&212DC10?QW#D;;

7
/WU]

M?E\

?#MTN)1$DGYT2M(;E@XP

M'Q^3^/Z.=A2



M0CB4^D&X-%Y!!3_UO;??-L![S .EQ&N;&9




MDIG\1)TLK




ZQM:@Q-<#



MV[+.A

M%/IN)=3K_:025PRRR=N&]:./XKL66^Y^2E@&G;MUJ353^W[#1 S'N)'@*/]T
H ;9S[ ZW4R=\!T=]*.


MB$UZ1[LF@87RFTO\F]8C7%$L+UHXM?; MRD+6Z3[](@S9['YW'LY1WG?P49_
M[=XDW4^NH://R%)WOA^AN!RK'7.'MWJKN79A5E!G[C#
'%L;+(S5$2ZJB%7-


?

MOM37AL7BPATR




M85I[H&K_Q\^]#DH@Q'
9'7O)=^@4QQCC&WS!$A7IOH[G08NTZ
.0I6X&H.A/
M3PYYPJZ_-.53IS30PQ['TH=8GD LR7*WB[X_9@LNPVDW;Q5KIO)L@NGLW8

M]2$97!_U=


[\\)XGDYA?EGXS6.C
MN0Q6_(
-_)V\L:-DQ?K-KEV:=\@@P8SB$$O: Q=./M?U%P*!%
4/VD^47!BT



)L6QNL[4KSSPB'UZ

A2/3A.Y;QQ8N:9OOJZB!

MK2U]/3
\EH8EL%;H7)-I=@:CM*2G!_#;8U#(A^-YD'[3Z9HFVL/I^R_=6J.






]W$
N&#R%&_
M
_]4!THXMM1CM5R


F!G
MB
!W@N:9X-T3!B









M?P2V^ID.%B4.K^INLW48O4



M
]1_5TLZ
4XM_

MXOB+CDF0W?I/6WDO)T],@W#M\ ML@WWN@ID\RMA:???OB7.5CA@33]+LD



M?P B(YK61&$=X!.@(F'



:]:'#%*8#!=@%36A(%2(C)(!;V-AJ^21?3]]$R0J!-
M:P
#G#&/V@LVW+'F

/N/VCR(_#9$LK( C*:&
MQ6EN
%F$7); 6]QY.1IO
&1Q@)HP=GIW-T[7:U]Z[8(Q9)[!LOZ?8GB/4U)S
M^'A.\
QV.AZ0
@M4
M9[X4 ;) FM]U(5$XZ@.
2)J .+['
[8F\\N$=W-Q?*

ML[0-

(]7



1OZ&0!/U%.

\U6V)U1!]M5 3+'6
UV QBK\?S[U69NE&_J


2DW

MK#
Y!39@#4W-YQ0V2RDLME@7YQ2LJ.VRG$)NL39.AKQ6
9UFQ$'18FV[7:^U
M@NWD=:]7



.U6!Z^

MH[-Z273V_T7IDW




M=K3MC+$//V&'BA_
W@S7T38ZS1/)]BYR8V
Q!63Q?F



MJ


?Z]36)5G]W*63H(9W5Q;W&WRQO/:R1W8X6=Y





M%;%W^#/MGC4QK(%8FUL3^&6)_T I$H4\T7#D 


MUM&WQ@4_7$.B[(+V-D8OYFQQEZZ^;6 &DGWLLVC42QJJYWJ-QN&@H7H(;+DM

CW//RH]=;F.+;]3 7V:

-R2? 
Q9EFR-(J?:=?XG!I*.8




MA&Q44FKLPG/K[9;;;F^XTN[
2$?)2%O3PN5%-DAMR@Z80BM2L]^_S[?=GK


KE//@!QDW2_F86?-!



MFHRGR1S;:70X
X=FCN;.

M4]-#0F MF$R(TPYW

[&MDUMXF;*#IWT-Y



MZG_'V
__9;%
AG+ ^]+ARR G!V/Z#J[=]L

]NQOGJ@689 ZC4;=ZEP5B?FU]RO<^;\S&<
+T[&?$ES^HIE03E\X

4OME^ Y\INL@)3K3**:W
M1-W04-/XCS*("0X#$(0P&T7TH_R.&0#WPTX
$)
'U(TW[#[X
J-!L&B4R

1F *?
 H '


M\\8IL'3Z!(PL$T)I.H8C)5

! 
&A


MU!420?SBZ: 1?Z,\L_ =^'7?HL1P 1$O!8
6)GF
6:E9]=

MQ')7@ !$#@XX-MXDT@IG\7HO__Q/HXF


M
RGSD4BA$/4VGA=<Q X
M DH9FF




CH_2Y11(?

MJX/FJF:YW_1WDISA3L1*F.
XP/X4+
OO$K4[$&_3K=?K3O+O#)O91T*D^BK?
M#\#W*?.790!9F_\&XU]
VR1697
D)N(C_!G.%M#+8FTI5
-#=C#[HRC!/5

#(0B#*8J5[V:]$#E0
P(\[D1N]$[3O$!@);J\WC*:(


C0FA1%+;
JSL^_X



M!2CU\!9X04SDH


?6_$)($P0='##H.;\!QEGB7.A4?N:;-^^(%_?
W[1?_[5V5P.=*3!,%N(@(/4^W_F3H$!/ W@&Z9*%-H9,1!Q:
MBA-E/;#2<CY\$3V:;\-GX3![;O ?0X9+W\3)3D7D3WL3\%8]Z*30-0/AP-
MT -?!:2F&?Z:()IB3#%,.39C#/

YQ@OXHN.
M/I\U8*1B!




# ?TH4M2ET


G3J8IF=/ F0*-H'N@1A)U
M_G 8(_V31.*3
NV
G@IF#DK&H+8KZFN0E


M8BBODX2 BM;1VY2&4  N





JT#\:L46T+MV4K'@*Z#

W\HS@]9%
M


MOU+!







6]]Q^F@5.'
].0Z
M?V9] ..?*&WY:;]'X]#YEQ !2%).'( _&&&=-!8FH8(+ 7=D;&4#

I3*$Q -2)$7XB0N8#P#+5*6+8'WAJH0$#_W@B(X/-%H1##$^$?/
*

M2 G91=.\X*3ZOK!^UUIZ?_9/7[O&;Y;MT8


ZYG<6J3I,%'7<*% *
@XO+Y9JW1?O7:=:9!EL /5^U7#*W!

MH C-VX*
/2&^F;]$'0\BX3.2

MS;#@$XK3D5TR&+#@H


MZ:XTH(5#(^C;'


PCMD'-;%\_0+T6M5+S(&1=G?D-_#
MTRIJZ@)E\0)G@-4%V7EAQ%A.$ZRM#^IKBBUDQ2NYK&AP':$F4)Q'BB34%TU

:#;
+=

MX)@B-&PJR:]G



MLZ* H&@KO$G0M=DQ430FS0@4


^M
N!U%2


MJRK HC_ G'07YV*[FZZ++E0\WM$4(/D*=;,Z@5$-*U9]) 2(!JE;293@&
MED*[-UWVG9@B6.!D&?^8

ML4 ?;6:65_&L3C%3ND S*ECS\[-3:LYB/YR&+42Z-?AY664$E+-0.
V@Z!DA

2
M1(BC\3@-8L=A33N]&4@1$]69P*_DH1TG-
RVT($9)-$SDISK&96NX0Z*7-\8


O\VP22


M7)*6ZFPNE[ B^


MYT'ZYE6L6^CEB)CBMZWYH(LF@SH_F@H:P
EQZZR%H;D)+XLY VZ,X$&1../(J4F@\)2().9$!6WUCU0LX/5
ME;C'6NI%) X/$BQ\V0SAP#G&Q=5/;$NHX


 $84O@


M?18LC


Y)1
&-:$+!BRD+(

&F@?6*KKIAZ!_,YF(Y_B)VI=I.I@'2AH6W4!@PBP$L
M:XAXB 4FA8/IXFJ[)&#9V_






^QC*%$V$Q
M 69/LA CQUA^JP$=4M.DGO)1]*H*V.


3Q:C9U.?T#D50.R V0]SBJ4IAN%8?
MIW%2_:*NO-0[

A



MGFQ;QU#Q;






LS$%D-H58M+




P#
M0Z3N 1=#Y_7=L3 ^H?IST34%WP)=GDNJO69W



M\\= WQ^Q&Y8&K




!0VS5(/
F:'U@&WD Q4FI='$


9L1L
?MK

T

M9[



1E(GUW=N2RWAX=^MSP(K%GL)^1

T#K9)\N+7K?!H(/Z2DZ*V/




UGJR+AY\3;G1@(H'
M+QHS
%LK=PKKO_


-''^

F
#7.

M7?CXNT)$:+83Q6WHR$#7PRB!NR@TP%&TEU3XKDB/L^3[-1&?1N_
LJJ^_1?
MN8;? 'R*Q$W-&TIZ+TFJ*7EJ


M.@AH'CM'_.AXI/.6?(??8N]06[HE-I](


M&[SKFO






M+K3PPIMLL=PWFYJ]$;JM$K/G^271EWB%F2'\$PR8D)9ZC-8F]U9C^^2.WAF9

:IZ\H



X?^EY
M





S:S\$P2: 5V5 9H3U

&[('9.
M 'P-/LHSH





:N1?%(J
9G/V%'(1H
LGC7


U;REG1!?EFFIK!18'VC];


M1+T





Y6

O6E
KV+$@@C(R:P7@.(
M


M_UYA:Y5A= #(TS-5Z7Z1-



M1Q4$DYAY5JD6_











4=3@&$  -?& P
M#VME':*+XNU@N;(-]\34I EE/
G9\-Q#2

]Z\B




4 P*
ME?N8EG<7]\N74H_#_]4:2]S&HS3[EPJCHTPKVS173BRC7#?K:AN^<NNG;M5


M7/)\&7 97K?IUJ^K&B6NEN*R@ZDN[GG:)6F=9I

M!)2DX\M)=67M?PNS0G].+'SW,P^/3+P W82TQAP+D'H#7CC$SS0RB;#WW0
M9MXU4)&\T:)Y?@ I?!/.IBK_\4!JK.A0[YF=WY^E-Y]PD @G^;N.5+BAQZKD


M?


@*=MO7M)ZW.L&5\KRLUBOG:YB(0883






/-C

9OJJKZU?/JY:7



YX&V 


M7LZ
_ZTLB3U\)%1I3NV.MQJ\\0
_' @WCUGNS%6OP(R;DD;JKY?$VCHFSW=P
MO_J
^R.+;O0*.8D1&!%^@DG&VU@.C4GA.A_06V75OC!#9+=UXJ$X\+B267S
MC2JU[/!SQ*9L5WE;)':^D(I=2/4%\]$'I8'*=[+$'3]1_D@AA]
VQG77AS&
!&GALKGL*6W Q:(.G&V9'5XI





H^*&1


Y?V144*RT(H1QG;.=21


=8







7K+RPNM<NXVKM0K@
M=\&S!X39JW;WA7Z5E5=!X2^^_JVFVUUO*%SQ18C)G7ZFN%SLN\\NLO;D5
M

M8?#H*BQ.]5TT ;US=@/[VGQ]H,?9-S2Y6-FS0_WM[N\/,JXOFZX36_5.-(Q
MLD:C46NN-37V+%SGE'.CX=9;^RH_J0 *+AJM6K-5 2(Z.OU4SH6\9:)Y;B*


MAKKQX_AI%


5O]$J?(R3X;LOM[FT%6140T/'<9OLPL@E!G-4






M_=+7O_08_RO\^
7 GW=:E^M/*R5S^O#A:KV'4@O/:ZWC)AOU1E

N030
O3]
MXMS)R32 IR
UXJ
LXL1=@
4O\JF[C4;=OASS6^_7URX&. 9C 
:1P(RT/S-
MG$2]Q7GP8QEE0'E)U

1HTWN

$
MGBD3 N4^DT.







MV@61R7] Q.E0$


MZBK6!28D.='W W+(X

M:Y&TZ&^SJ&2IR#)/7V

RA'!+)


1XCA]%:C9%C_T'050\PE97',3]\ K
MR,R[##X)%'H2WQPS+?EP([!0X&?,4;*UBU@S)Z%S)?([X5L\B-#ZD#[[G)RQ
M!/^4;.*(I*7P_?3!XS8BB+$HX:72G 4)EAB#M*_!^B4\0__YZ#:#:P/LI[F
ME^I+G_!'Z9$GPKID[ $QFSH80ZW*\( [9S4 -C]@KT84O4$4U8XEN8ZKH8

/?\1Q-A0@JCD




8 4HP5HMT0AL
J3




JW70




7?A']H552&]MP]Q&N3.3M
&
&);XD)+ZY6PX;!Z_Z3;66Q#U R/B
M&*





MA

MM^9WWJ^O2XGRO92JJD[UM_E= (YOHIB8B=+^P.# *]A;0/Z JRH4 :Y0@T
MT_4L4[C.[]$X=/XE1!BAX_4[/X*?W:=#^&@YOA@8D1(^-%C.]*LGXBAQ)D

H&KK.QX\W!08H?

MN#M3B0
=3$\(P#3VPP1SZ]C -/8?


M^
X?_#N3J'OZ62)#
/)4



I /!*L&@;GS7J&3 
)
NH0'R!A?
M 7\/
U*Y\.O'


$CVUH*?GN7?V:6*I:6TG&-E
^#PIF5B43

S@HA


W]
MWAB/EC
.?!H._1@$Y)L(_E_!E'O?NWMC6W!L#
Q_%UAB2'X^
:[]A-[=C?T
LMJ%@S#P^'[XK#,!]*+2*)CG\(*(
M];I&-0$U[Z?.GHQUJA8OA: CV
Y&).E'#]_=C@E A4+LC@2H(G0OZ=78G7[
MQ/\FG0/QA!0@ =X4JJ$T?]EPWNE!_I1QFJ5PFA 9U:Q&XMIT!)A-)$#@U Z
ME_ !5H-B,/*'9(AHC!V_0#(NF]80 C44H5B2]:61!4BQR W5%N-$#5)%-Y'
/D0R'20


/*!;HCQ6M[IFS(B<^KQD5K/GY
MV0$U9[$?/O:'+-%6D%5&0#D+A=


M$



?+2J^-Q)^F7^;0#)/F/D^?K3@XB'9


,2OU!\?\WI);-6&J5A+&-](8DY\EK

I

MF0EXI'$ .O%(/[S[=R;!+C1C?D\H)V'S$TZK09&;\*064]5!IFTQE@X? JLX
M8X%
LW ):GT:)3)T/89+%E

M__
=E($4\

M:&
+B4KDK';::







RN4^


M=HWBQ)7BG*9-MG.%4HJ5V GW#%)6$-93%=SBAWV-@VXPBVYJ298+S'P6$E(-
MJ



3YLE.J +P\D^Y8*PQXB]=Y7
*.


M5E&R IZ$J3 HPPK



7P^.PUX4W YLLN3@\N9&R=%W







M-ELZ+ Z)1Q]#D;G'O70\VXAUTR5#;'RVCP\
_/M9M$4%:5Z].J5I3L__2$

U1$3-)!ZLD+'.(Q #QFAB4!Q;.]&HQ&9


N^$3T0SI2!_^5Q6A
M@F



M:\8[:#TOQZ;S'@FWB2%8U:RYC?[8;(
6\^(X' (-\5=XB3B_5GN]OBTECXR4

8A:0H3QP)_!*/*


G)[J@,[B ;3$#OBA7OMFM$R+C$_HR1[/R/;BV,YB^C_&#[;
MFICN




;
M+D!@




&/LV6

M
LT%(

M-\58F2+&4EUSO!Y2M4?A6STAE7CRSBB2O544!HT'(9ML:HZ-67=5'%8I
M7

M%PNR!DSMK:UII2^?I3

71X)=0DJA%LN8FPWG50DPN.R??HF?25*
MHUE$:^&VHP+GAH$.FN2$JA@A5S/.46'1C

MP?


AU0N327I.9P*'#6/! )%C1X[9PV&?06


M:AD

M$\ID4^WFBWQA?:W142W!$!6PK!G?J._J07MKDA*UVS0M8]I$V*;V-74B5J

P8%*WFJ9 ZW@(=&F+]T:/2B
6PZI7RP@N[%P&9[II5+0.


M

M&NLI.E*7;H?#\W68-U?I3GT'6Q4V)X
?3%UCB!%N&=:)T0.B@O
$2V$2XY8^
MPFHN1S




MYE

MHI4D:^YS1IVK7D



G[
R)^QFC.\(Y#

VV.6G#U]T.LI)1=5;;QJE4OLK_#QL_Y_?X.^/P]Y#!35^?(-_


MFD1[C?H#:M2[G\



M06C^D:4'+9RZ9\[[9
ZM^C3N53H^Z(2[1\.J-(0F&
J3&=T?1!:BE^T0-J6'

MM7D41V%?CZ
8]W T1;AV'@6MY9E-07^6(RB^%&3'OA6LN9V#8OW



\K8
MP:TC:7 

M01(6A1
V%C&



N^




M;F3I@LQ7!V#




B3/
M86Q\PY(RK$Z3*S35D%H%4@M58U%%

MZ]9


: X#O



M=








MN-2] 9=



M8#5Q\2+1;:@EFW;'.VZ'S[&Q,=[=E-MM+ 7@^.^5.\& R[X3'\ -QA.&49
MQ6*+^Q((PR8FX-Z!%2NPIB@D]M&V?%Y]/,AQH6HQ\P41?X3)2%N\]TCQTN
MY2V8
B7/




2



%G#?3





OZI:XL&X$,/5M')D+'





PQ+M
M+?
4*GC=@M(UHQ^-8FQSPSV6P%:S_YM<:1MV*<
M+@-&LR3#(*$(5AD@_$QL$ .#6*-K*C%0ZYUF
Q./KY=[B)#O#T9AZ]'YK- )

3YUY2F%C.PJ;]TSC&]


MT%

N

MO\)5BVY0K\EL9YT$:T@1Q\YIO?NKA0FMZ.#[)$K'=?G\0UA+\#2[7D-T6M%M

MW5PR PYU_:H43\@U6^K$UFGIQ^
$OK6S2 -@F
4@(-1M+66IIW^VJUH3U[_5
M('


M/I$\6AY%@W.QVD;=(]IRQPNE-)MQ^J\%GZ:C^QY*25Z.(Y=HWGT13S)9S=

M YH!\.-1J




ML [ \REO:J7O[..1*UB@R0!?OJ@B[$%3_& Z4FSOD4HG_^O[L]OX[)S@/NKF
M/-8E



MY2+]2H#R*!3AASYZW2&&/CBDK(EORJ=T*7=.(X+0IWW)Z]=9!LYFG2SS.-FE

M

MP_&N!.
V:_IL8S($XL6.8

KPU1I


/_FAZ










QM#ZGA_.;\4E




MX'LYN*!A_'#UD9IQNG&+YOY*&QNQR(]6@57LRLSYE3C%3=L(1
1K-4+3O:
MM42VF@=


M38ORWKR0DQH.-(;


*

F9[/^%OX:




B)$,0 [@

M[WCJ*#.^0GZZ$3BRMU=FFRFSL[

(8'X7C






M%TV=NM4UOI_8:VA=#^+*PE

M

OC%A]@P
ABDLK6/&]


U+0^%YP/ATOM_WGVUK&V)%$+4'BQN#G[3'K[:9L8,.?
MJ5^AAN9H^='T*\ E/_;?_['7__KVR1/XE_P_^''_P]02P
$%     @ @8B/
M4B'W015%%P  508! !$   !A86=I+3(P
C Q
C
Q+GAS9.T]:W/CMK6?[YVY
M_X'US)V;SE3KQV:=[':W'5FVMFZ\EFMILVV^= 2DME 4@92N__AZ #Y$$
M%&T'3 1


MI.S/SH_(CT0)'1(?








S$A!)7S*WG#H])T7/_T2!Y\1M

MX&2-;RA/AL

0^I^


9
M^
ALORZP615GZD24:U8
@;1A)VW929L^7$4-R2/V^IR#9WZ+$U^E5&86^^NR

:;X?#&J$PK<


MQ:P\Q4G=(VK;::\4OLTK25MCUH7BWRJAW$[BNKAD7NS5U6;9*TZQ+D;9B7]'

D


\0Q*;L@
2N
=X%
LK5[+9IMZ2B@D9U
 G='B)
0X
M@AI1$]/3F4X#T[G!B.

M$\M3MTWQSW]2ZR04.B&-#;(SN28F=X^7@+YE*&$\R6


QJ2TNVC'9K9O5G&WJ_WPAAUJ3YLX[.@6]P


MQ6Q1]5+5GM6BNAM;ZEG8':
R[IT+?^\Q_1BPC1;Q1@E\U;(M+-J+Z;0G8D

M0_G])64A^26)@#V/*=1KTVP82B!L?\/(D]$92NV+(KR&W?#F16JYC*J%T5T
M_J$FPUVOCZI*LQ*4%:6]=X)7A&\WMV19EN4?D$C];'



M6-^^3)8

M4Q8Z@?*PHND=S_@%TAOJRJ8






SF$2%@
QY7]OK-;R7]SB7CVN8



Q+

;FKC]V(J

Y.Y1!B8U@:ZFLJO7=%L%F=]ABKLX=3O/I+SATI^6
M/LM2
0VO8(+RT(#IA$%N054]-6%U&WJ\_N195S^$5
2&Q@)F? C-96HQ/:


%0F2



EV-=YO5P2P\5^++&2@OLA5$G(52[?O;X.



H%*;H@2TW$$GMAFV':M.@\B7F


P

MKF__ 3$ON8 N-Q!+PS4[&Q


DVW=7^7;%/S[TX6
H)I



?PPL_M2705^V\^:2#VGV':
MQK

MZD;AK@EB&QA.J97OCXH50;K'A'^-?5CQJX+C1IAM8#FG%)CE*KC;!=0&1K87



366B$:*AB9$5=X@D*[#+NP

4]+HWFG5._TX7P0\8BIF\IA:<KB)+
MAGKKM$MO.Q9LR?@T%=:IO8.NY%5 7)T0*NJLTSQ8, (DK:1O+OPNH*9(N1'

N]+0K-99IWE((U9!LK[*


MB&
9X)@Q

81LOZ











N9N/XH)GY;2W7&Z=5A%%B(6H1A=*Y=9I
M'5#$0^3?



JG;Y\/+R\;E3Y(&N49*F3O@+'/ PWFXBN:



;L&'#+E^Q$&\4ZI74&-LZ
MWS ASC#G1#Z[J&SX*VNMTYT][:!QL%I&*=@ VFE!.Z&L\Y$[9)/_VN[Y*P_C
MJNL\R)S;6-R@,:K1YZ_/1\@0A;RB$[6! \RRJ2S %-PNX3&K$NA1LY:XE/
MO;*D:77NW@5DG0MQP%3US::VRCK%DP=Q55D?S
$GXF@U._ +JH\T:R-8YR[Q







G'C/^ 5FI&((^3C







M'MVDL?_](0X#-H[.\9+X)#51 L+'@@I&OK03T[&40\G#61@_&7E4BVALX;8W
MLY;#@&+S?H6BEP6+3QX)?NJ3L:/YD';

M[J_BD'D:[D?=B

V0S.'8%

6##9/RAW



) R=5[3

MYV'Z(PKYQ
VZW#5[$B5^B@/^7:'%
894A)[9EPL3Y.4K!3ZUNE^R3[)D
MG^8CU#@&


M6FR&%(U&

*[@
*R)4ER5'?'89VL'RJN!7WL
MNVR% Z 3C?A(MPUC5BDST?
G
]D5C474*P6_@SA
/]_)$F^25&5#H(J[\K6A









+&$Q$9


MHI?0C:6R2?+B%0P;_8OB[H6O&H ?[0#@?

T6JM@[D[J_0T]@@[/V
MS?:VH^-N#J2]FJ%'72MB)_4.:$X(/U[*NK6MD-D
#8Z99U#YC).
;C;*!O;

VU#I&IKL^HX7JWB_-[Q
54C<3VM[


M.O_
P
MD7/Q2[7-M%G2 #;6Y
:VNYY&@V:5JP)9Y_#(UYJ).
ORO&83*X4[GEZ*2R





KXK6+PH5%2;4+8D
M3Q

XAV3UKFTVQL_C[Y=9F%YG;%VU:A










MPX]7[

MU

M%.HD;TVWJM!P
N'U

GGXMSR%* DG






**W3_'NVE:



L_M

MU/:^)W


E[Q8;@B8\;
=S

MDKN


]:U//SBQ4ZS!SMC)*
MTLV5:P#G@3S_4:4W7P#;J[7#'TM@3((_@V.MM^N
I83* TW_FO&^/L (M;X










M7KPAR#=^_SK]
M_4EW2=8SKR?XR$)#?$1;$8BTJ.'+ %_]?1NMD1_^CH^.3H
M[?$/+Y'W:HV34#8E ;[#4X?_+QM3FU]]9  QYNB4$$\




4$^LH:/I;XCZZ#' UV&
*6LOC*F&*BMVTZ  5_X+


M!P&ST&Q 


M[XA2MD(J.=AOUR +U^STO
 /Z$6](I4T;=8B+OPX.W&PQ8\;#':TUUHI592-
MLKGTO:/CSV

#[#(=L0QF-V E%Q)2%I=$_Q&.$_
M$@;









M_%?HHL4(DNIW;'KT




/TIU?';[:\

Z(L!

;Z'PJD[.+2T:9VIMF5TV&S8K1A!-F\#KD-^1TRHCY6^
MD$+32=D$Z
#P'SJ1B898X)PWNQ'(7^ZLTS#*+3U

MC1F+J]2Z&B3+K6:S.-EL^QK#TF;[-8KGF)XGE%]+IX%Q*C
&44S*).G FFG

ARX
:'V.YW8(I[+9;*DF+T+RW#ID']J.J-5%%
M9\9^*;6O!JLHO'4VK!W















MKB4L=-




MK!\(U20!$;7 D;5F--*Z


M8Q54NHWA7A?8I9@MXU=


BRDS[@0\/I YSO=G[T^R&=P)!.
M8$@G

O-H=T D




MX_O_7'?.MC]GVV&K4GTA[


MZPM&YFSI6F53\N)ZE]. 5I3.AFID]*VO.UZC/ ?4_8N\307#HI&*0MF;.F
MLV!W*-TEGA0
E_XNT?EN_=?W5@@JW&& F 4[5T7


M8[]@I3.:KEC
;7ED;!9






1H


AM@

S'RY 8):&ZW(9+*6$3$;


'
M]N0Q\CT?T=4]XKX*G5?

(G=^R.EK$5T#%=4V+)YBQ;LS]SP5)T)=6@-'=^5
M


5N&9DC:89GY&I)V#.DY31JF1O)S2JU1T^4
TZJG+ZY(



2+C&-Q!/Q= N\





M#A-\BY5O?DJ;3PR9.^W957RE52X#A)%A Y@YAAC/+O:7TLQMZRMO@&+RJ5=(



-2'U$._56/+!O\7D2Q62!%6E=RYIVGM:UPH0@&JQ#:O[8L%?BRE_B
M^^3I*?!56BYIR09$+[0
L@Y?99BU^5\PF5'T-/?=@J2JG9J2M/MLN]5!JR8+



XT



PF[1RRF-GF!1^RF

6/.(V6S:&D;59CLG5O;T&:DRAFR_

K39; VE##41M-E$90DT



*







MC]&*;Z73'7G



[J7R


M\I36-E*G[]0BMCMDL8+\%H9RE+.N\[1(B]A
5&
52#3![
$+L;;1M#D&LE7$


 UG:SQ-(G)

8L$1ON9ZW:#[[)9%I9%R

$'XY\6R_V1Q-

+



:D/F8?:3


;:FG\VE')JYC-VGX?4_\KELZ

Y7?!\)W^F


MC



*OXZF4TRQQWF_N3X;W2F]MSKDIORXDEE#:DH!3CK3

0LI
YW

WDJB8QD8EN^O#L?#


M!J:LK=T&!I:NQ-);A













E

M8^)^Y?:8\9IS3_Z&@H29YY#'WHCE/OT[]A\#?
]%$^5&81P/ZM9^K!L0#QP/
R'4L4[)/9
M.*8[1J.58\S^!I.UB/&_84[;)TF=6_4<RCM5-?3F@Q'E4$ )&HZP,D+A-

0D06RGF?W E+ +ZM^LZV7M7
B8E9_.

[

8JPN
M2A\VJIG\(6FI@IIRJ<)T6#:4K_P9L2=!RB*1E/!MJ91*I+TQ!!LC;WUJ^A
MF9+C4UGGKJ2M83,$JIDH.;?4_AP&2\L3VW0.CWGUEXH@(8*B\(#SXU7GT


MYLQ;#B_I0%Y+3\K]'TI6VEO#PZU3HWQ+EL)4/3R3ASE)(A1ZE_YL'F


D?(P=PR.?
2?^(=*63C%EQ_-C



M4=9I:






92_N0L?^M]+!Q


G75VPQN*L$LO?V]):'+



A4;HO::N+9&=RV#IOE%U

(1^;)H(V!UU6
U:E*[VA




MMO
TY&GJ(Z8#/YQ=J0)(9223XP]F3AAZ
X54D0*T6A_
6JT+_!A?AU%
$RZI




86RS]6IQ''1JU];5
MFBYPY






I-*/O
BD@/7]H6

M5 Y(VY_
\S7Y


$KT

HR)SM
MT2A
G549?Z5FC]/KDEN

M@Z
KYQ$V]?KAZ-Z=8R_AU[2Y X)XVK'[/F(CQLZSB _0LX@C9]VQ0Z8.[]H1





_/7H295?V0V)HG.VMUY-141
MK##J

M6&W#/5!9RY?R/(FLR:7)A)82O1& PU:.]2WKU
Q]3U\


M 0AGA%+RS





MP9:BUK*
:/+9C




IK)L85/ 30X!L^/)V;/C[\AZG
3Q!^DRH^.Q9:66D^07_#FP1H$5&$A

M_3@VG




7VUI




M%QVDO!S?HRSCG83*?LS4W(-@Y5PP4#J\['/^'U[#D7WR_P%02P
$%     @
M@8B/4JJ\U_%&C0  -.L' !4   !A86=I+3(P
C Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6SLO7MS
MXSB6)_K_C;C? 5N[/5
=85=E5O6KJF=V0[;E+'4[+5W;F34U'1
=M C)F*1(


Q3H
\2?^
/@;1COTEN281
M3M%ELME&.

W

MAJL@+WY^^YOOKM[\COZ?M[]_^.[-C]__\..;[__3\EMYD.^R^EMO7MZ4_Z]0


M)C@G

8VJ;WS_;06G+IG^2C3R#209
X)/^TZ:'V! 4]^Y0])


MW[^R4?BV:P=3G:25
4&Z--1(*?'M
J'CV38_CXJZ+]17:;*QPU'676(C_??H
ML?Y4=L4A,*4EEB*,SZ1Z=7837NL*[:$N(FHILDXOC\P_U7_YM)(CI)1/P?








LFY




'0SH+


+SU2P.
MR3






M '
)-\:FDPG#-
M[%*M5N DJU0 G ;<490RC];YS=6NOPGVNFO?_#. 1D:(7R&_7Y
WV'5MN])


MB[U:_=RCIZXSHO0UIR:/K2(

EH%@)W&W&%^:V41I/DK[21Q
M%BP9WNSBM?F+9ENW3P%N[R;U-:Q]7\E6VSMS!T




*1%T-E^N!%\
JF6I
XI'])=T&DN9!DUG&W
$S_51='<E

7A
P&!
O )PI4

MU%$A$_P4=T2%(#!_]'.0IH'A(D5'QB5!I/:Y&@)@&&#)4DV)#)''N9U8P=

M1CO+074;F4OQW1
G+3Q_9J_9!SSQLZ&E9:)N6UP-MMWRHAP@!BC!R9E0B?.$

M
*01V62A!8


*%2U[$.2O#=%3HTBD]4$D-_92B7ER3!*S4.S7D8/!'#T[OHV:S

<;A+
XI7$;!29;A/+MX?1_\=Y+R1VXT




#


:&=J;%LF184BO[!Y]!53?08[
MB4/V2/=\Q6-7^-M%U.P@)K_RW2%-U%#O(MQE%1YFW#[)<#]]&P<!EHX :E*




M42H-X
[;5!))
!S2PI.\5
6$BX?-V&'ML6=CFVV4O&H/\P41=S
H.;C]W*C]




MH\NDO-#8O*AV;%_$MD78%@F^)K0;+$D0Z8-U#0KN/)$-\+TCTDG#8) -1
$-



'7)$TG=0VM 2IRHXJ99W%J;$



#:C.:H8U3RSK2^2




GRGG#Z
Z@H-:=?&3

V-5U)

M$ ;!(AN$BKDF4SK_Q+10I88*/8]\^IA$NS@/TM=K$N&TNZ6ID7/+'P7
-F\Z



D.%2
(*+HDK6W]*Z@#/=X'1-Q[YW

-



MN(_.H+ :)')P1J?;B[F]X^($BLN0RR)Y8YF_[/]!\[\AQ$U(YLDE\&:?I*



MN&22#?@FLW3R8)AF 5+P5N%S0LK0WE'1;70UNJ.

MRP1=\DD-M
DB40H
=Y30A$RV3! MRZ#H@&L('NO[LS_\\0=H#LN&1QXI9&2/

MPRDL\*8WDX?I%5I

QUOV






MYX=6.NIXH8?.3QE:_]U\?O7S[.8&1G
W#BJ
6[0*64\'0_KM6*D@&(KHT DG

;Q[L%RFNR21-2\






-2F'[?W[[


/
)+G*7G<Y6QY^I#P6-DXI[5H:SYJTDX
TW%QOZ(VX27
MQZB@=FK


O/-FS=O
MWK)!'3VSLO^,WKXYHW]69'6/-CE3TE*?L7A&7I[]KNWWU<_$/;J:<C#!Y)]
MZG



M/[[Y_9!2H)!Z$H8\+W


MP'8H0I\2P+B^0;#E%Z#K4A IE8X4.MCPNOQXFSU:E^(G'&=TX39C=[?Q39)E



*RHY_S6!-


MP[HA
9[1?ZJB1V27M@A )4RI):QY(N- U3FCBL@?31;$,EV\179QED0D


M84GGJ



M1:C2G+=[
5CS;C5 
:DRG7Y?W\W?5_0!


MU^'V.F$WS/BA8$:
URPJ0.9B;(%V*7(]O[N83NXFMY=3=#V=5F
4^OIV?GM^

@

U28+3^?D(U8HZ*0PMU?S![
W#W?SFABT$*P\*H^_<XMRX!.S(.$WL)H/7RMO6%(#E16705(Y48,W%
MS8<ING^8W*'K^?SJ'EW.[Q;?P*
/'XZZX14S#9;=3A+OR+\1\#KC3-'PLOU

C3$
ROIQ.7U?*@*IOZ$+I=((YMIVF5H2U8NL#V3SQ/:5-M,).:EUYW':!8ZP.
M<E=*NS]E4$(6CP\$49CG BJ8XM$G=XX/D_\8Z_!3$5;1WL=@OE[QQ(5T%D@

3



-;6G5/

M

M4; Y7?3B@TFM*08 JXU&6GOI$^2U?AP8I^.TYXL_[$C&6'+@2%3Y[8Z $(K
MC;+USTU=Z 16 ;:98ERS+;$DR/(@0HN4A!@U@+-V_*)L


693[P0;7


M.

M1FV6[2RHI0R&VGT1QS%[-TT-$%UE;TI]^@2JD:C4B
FH
4( +7N6+-D4N
MJ'-:*L *#.S(P2*;'-PHO+*9UQRQC:S?2G![;477(A)00L80G
F */3RB_+
M7.%EBNDXR5Z4IO].XBR)2*A[]W! .4XS(0\ULY4+N6\A8&@Y%+F0U+LMQ4(9
M[_.4?

DUJP2\D++.#L($(7N=T^H_3L[9

^R ;=TCTF(8?==?5RG
V:TPR^[2S4\F &$@N0XCY<J<+FCTP)


MNFJQ

M[0/MUJ9TPH=



(6!L=+CJT%2::*DH7HD
K''4N?Q(GA=/N'E


Y%


GEE
K/*T5:_C



$//MHX2X
%5CE2
G'MFVS

K6)Y
X
MI'])=[0F]LMB:S=M5YC?8;./P?J!U*8D[XYO%/C]*]41=ME^^C!$P[B
 R


V3/(AT;.V-6Y;\B=]XKHI CZ^H5D=[?=#T95M2V1@WH+4%





MRR+*'=$O\


*D'K:25ZNJX[Y

O4LIV)M]H&?BC4M+--






L5__P+<

MN]G\RM/#R/]4S 7XG+






MDR*GJJY#+9/)*X!0VN"]BDO^V(!ODD@G#X9)%B[=*I44%
'G(.2&&;O
MKVR5/=//TIO9:4*FI+VODY$3!B'?)4GXF401G4W2)37%3-@3QWQZ:#T?ZUF&
M2WH.



MX#B;8H+Q!4(E4]53F[_JL$6-_N%22\\T
+2T4#& YI%B^3#7X(7JR=D%;#



M

H$@Y&MN_EV/-2K



MHAG:R\.@(GMY

+0R !2#PPKQX\4A3
+G@#9!


MM\\^N[VZZ]/J/D9U3ZIM=
W!A8+A^J 6/R[*


U\P8N\0J

L.IV3=7FG!(-F'#
]7

5@D((_$
/&9IZ2A&2?
M+E

U4V*CZ)V70] *.R!4%W'E]EO!#7T8U)P&:4PGB]DISP?F-TB
MP*CE-'FLG0FM;+)Z%3 4M






M&VO3Y+LU1G4P1.Z/64?@ZFWF!FFY%[]-XO

M




+B2)@FT4BK_U'%W&^8B?@6?,I*/

M[CN#3-$&3S1Z*I*@=93F-5)S*)+YZOZBD$Y)I?OY/7L(@-*]-,W!ILN[Q2]
MBP/8&X;:H%\ 53=1V![2,\E8=_BZ+.VWT/K#=+7K*OBVGP6H=&.T.[9(884



VDI_
M8Q\X^+%;5;0OFY9GTY?E$P




]LD8J+LU* ]7G
QRV4[Y]7.=*2JS&9O
-+@I_I\!@W
M7G61+1K


DNDWR

 F7_N5 
;+#(*M]#DK%B;+]_!@







MTDJYR/L8EOHH* OPMT-17
Z0V*38G%#*@]R7
*-5MA1OJ






I?%&VTK=5]'*$'V1)&S_V'Y3YZ#B)WG3/)+


M


M/-


RS1_S@




U?<) ^?$X.K)ZZ%(A$[I@XA+]E



M@[WCL
0K]Q%EL%7S[!_MXAG%B=&IQ=&Y_86O6KAP;1J1J/BIQ+FL[?)9 5




MK3WLP'*\TW8$\




M.'UM9IE2GUK::3O.!M;'I
X)L8TJ&&KVPRO)#







H '#IS;V
MK)L;X/
5[Z)9MF.(+Y.
2% 7+A][

(U+HGJRUT!Q6#Z@$*S[

[^X?PIH78_<






=9_%0WV6S8W4M6XEG9W#!F1SQI
MPK0XCE$M*CLR3E\PD



MXP?K3-/31JVSZ$QP&[8#LLW6DRK$ =C?=E&0]D8BYKGUPB*S:EYRGG*'N1
MHG4.4?RJ&S

4)B@&S4Z*F#'

43EF YSF[P3##_%NA[9VJ@R%;



MS]..SX%BW7T=D)0[J2N2+:
DVZ6XW'QE_Z

MMJ7.WP]9LG_@O;QS'NY'U'[6-O4 














//.!:RH/?2].&/+4PQ

%3W+




M33H.+ J
/SD


MJD.GM#J0UF3$AB*HY(]1JG0$#U@27;(KU(DD_HH^F='Q 4:_:'
NG)+7[)
'?'@/.Z




Z+JW?!4A-WT;

IT/H$/-:


M280+41B$E%LS25


EL8E



MGSB)T4Q3.:.


5P6
=P6*YB%!
MIX*&%.#LSM@@P^H+9+VTO3-U
&1A^5^5@5:TD/W+-





M:+'!/_:73FD1IZFJ


GV]$M*O5HW5SS[2^S
MDYL-%IZJIQJ(J:!*!S&E+WE

_C3VO_!_]!@\1OBHO5#RG5/JA<IJ&K
7A_Y$GNARDAS+VQHVO5

M;Q=PLE. K-?6SC%\P)@(0/F!\:NVER\8[_.PSG^=VMS;$5AL9IY0[Y=LR/EP




Z2K/BKXCI=BWL(WN=(?NTV


FKQH P[L3\6_[^#







MIURCS\5_@&*](KC#?J.627)8F-!EF4 %#,SN<7:Z56N@<E8J@J,:\,9[0
M*1/]4E_F70]T

MV
^@)A/M-


M*Y]FZUT*@(YB
M&B*ZB*@$YV ^XNG;FX:JQ 
=L!6J%5N;_X6/P=-+NODQ23

M4[-B(&L+F_KHN8P^K$AHH3Q]%MB'E ?&)8Y@Q!A+[Q/L)P
7Y.
4#:W?#%FJ

M;!\


VM-W#WLB%^TOD


MB]/)2NQ@9ZR8







M
F;<6OSM%EN4\R\IR0<?ME


M+MJ1]5YB&'AYK![A\BCDY:#BC3BT2E*4E?IGQ6-L/M_ZRPJCZ&BSQ-14_C=I




)2WZ[
2D% 4[.*CCRA7F/%8-LY
M5?JG
34SHM?WWC*+3K &LM

+7NY-)FZ_W%$;91Y.!%U

MG8F'H+:E8U 7A8(XWM'_&8&@QW.AEI&#-IJ^':=-7*%9S3M)^V
U4'
3Y'3X
MI]0




.%;
M5_/5Y/[R#V_^H.F]MJKN^G0_8_8TL]

-L_[S29U
H6@*B
M1?CU%N$SBT;+'I+[W78;$9QFM$LUYQF+)++UP?\DE]0SG^2M&O/$JU\##X



2

'%I36& 5VF7^<79U_O8'MT5T-\:NVW?'&E!7CP]-U\5+WFJ

FB(R(5C$T 4[OEP43;5+A]9]=E7IV3]QX*EN&/]S@E.)L4
M


[ I.+.+]B!WU-0+P^
;%9@N[1Z^Q91%53J
MH%K)KP

$ANP6B;*[6[] :1@9.


M\8YTF
0X(\$96CR1B&RW[/G5

AA
MV@
%P$;:@XX$+(:HX$GH4
EYG3'\)7F*_XIQQ 



M0[CS.[1*EX$3JYQ*^=_+Y3#F+-D;#K++)-WJ:ER4 UCS2I#R%JC$$9/WVA0W



3H;;#:\?&.OQ49[O&

!D 0)@ 1U(=7STJ66
A
)?$D01Q[!
M
1AX+W1_IC?JHV\%



M6QDZ7L:\/.?9']=)%F6+)$KK\@8#%N;#=CSK\N]$:UGC/
2LREMAPZ(4YT=D


N
M]?J6 '2L)@SZ)(

M7?^9&MX6W2QY9 51T =

MA+00&-'2J.37QA


M
2 \5#5 2=X^2N]X2@%IH)6**K_DSU'F&=W@Q44.
F^5^]#][2]

AT]G.$+
M]$T%5.


M #:0O
^?%+$
M1Y0Q%MH6&.&PTJ^K/)G=TB9C8@:8DX-362 E#6TAYY17


<Q5K1


8_CT5


M


MYSAGV@G=1W);7,&1_/$;6(^L%-* [95]J\=4WX=J9?L' -/-YU]L&KK$JJ
M=XQ/RM

 [[!&1N5A




M$'2=8E


M?'HJHN?;W'G;/
YS]O?8VX8

MNO7''HD84AUZ/L:&$


M1? S'$0VG\_%E![D].

MFM)F\1W)Q6+%SI*

+S)%#\;@GOW.N\
COA(GO/%_E3EOP!/0*J\TV)

T*
M'


HDS )_W[LT29FK!3-AK$-E9SI NFR
M2L: W2?E[Q<%CY,*/\WS-%F\NP.QIHL@9@O;ZN_,<;S0);'?)#?3XKMG[8G
MO!Q#=9:%H ^J@X=EZ,/.160OLB

#@%H#[B\C_
M'28G!:N7KJ:Y=1W.[4\%$[_RWG*B[,LOLC%/U%9P::B2&*7Q_$8 RVL/+4U
M0[^0C?U+]+S^;W:1^ 4

WV2R.+WC4-B@HS7VPTHZ

ET )N6_7-


 
RP$46' 






+46U\C2E*1


M;

 RI: 1\(BTL*) X]./QA8M3IHN\K 8 L%+1 F!(1<-S1]+@U!6H0'








<'_5C  2</[4$0Q



AI]-9WGV44E@

M8-V*_)GL=G04_

V?




JE[X]93





MBX++AJ%




M$!
MB6)F35N2EHJA-0XX

M

MH)HQ11=HD TG-UY=O6&B+WCF/^5Y_)JDJ6WL??@(03))77.M5C.S&C3@9Q\:


M


=;!&^@.3Q$P_
M-\


M[7':C;I(0_)C[QK%6=)U7CSRJ






MA*90?UVMIXM






1@B9I86!0
G(^P2=IPC^J_
M#?:Z4:E


M$UD



[/Y;\Q8

MEX6: ::-!2K[\)KO;AU*T








M-5P  
0T!@ 5    86%G:2TR
#(P
3(S


M_Z#;)^Z-V8BM[J[JM^G9G7M?JOUMLM2V.[N.^=+!TU$J8H4@.2LM6__@ D




M B&??+7M)49IZ_?^YY]__B;_Z[9IH^7K
PNWW_CNF^UT=B/SOU)%^\I
$OJW



M6H::CV2)C

M*NG]IG7]KXP;DWJE+.O1X[0FJ]S


MDB?O5:^16IKVNR

O:G]S


1_R?
]+47BHV;+[D'_B5&_90$XF\E%?VPI
^9N&/C
M9':=I'3I\7G]FI 9_\T=G?'?%AK*#L.
ONF2-7=$W(0P$HJI%K/C2-[Q39RC



MM.1G-MWP(7U/?Z R-[^.&O;T!%9DIE#H%4'AJ^P^CMYQ





O7P^LO9*-B=J
ID-OOW;%;0IT3?F\5P!
?MYW-
?W/%=0IU+ZZ]8D@]D)9RZT;S(* T B4]@-S_JT-;4$FK0Q#R4 %/



@A?Q7))!RCKG1Q&






BYY#<DU2+C;J7LQO]#A!!Z


0
M@0ZHR&G%@040AFX(].]IZ;)W:)C/YUZ\;+@KJ);.






4RW

8A'/B-


M^WZVS'*#\8K
J$^5+X7U?:%06W
9G01J.!=QH-YDBHFM!4?5FL?I)*C*N31T

M@9!]3]+)[

MV^TD&D/&H:'O


BH


:%<B941



M!TI4



_KD/E-2!U^SGVG/1$309 _=9LD


#!Z.=T9@DR

M
7LF'A




(EIX$O^[#02%V[8$\CDK7
M4M!3(HNRCN'V;8G^TKO <4=B3-21SH.6^EPEAHWDZ0Y%!IK_D(ML]78R'Q&
M#H'YG8C
&B08KPGSYN0^$ZDS)K/&0P8-8(;#0(&TEW_)#
A.7

*D[^8[3]H+4<%Q_:NN\*8M[


M[ZJ[K# ('W @UO19]?NNJ:_QT=@M#9]8P\#ODZ&= PU6_$08!T*'I.[##0RN

MD;)O3KF0V^X0-OJC
;HZ8BAA(0'\AJ5ZGT4/@T^*F[HK&V0-!!V##\1\(J


-V3[:F







M$

) FU./PE,_97EX4@_*RBE3.Z$+.KHC/-?7HGH9
M_WGW^E-9FZ7#4
Z3GH#QZ\PG'##WE]QOFXP+6;K&3M-RGGL%+'XH\

ARL
(
MN?SC X+\

MPS ?:50

M);++6




M6]](%/SN




R?

M]\QE


 2(=PGA[$\@ZMAMGL

M3XJ0HY]0 'B&8PL1D[^B8K(D


M$TS31H5^D+EPYJSKS_Y ',*Q];0D.?:/28_'@&NATW&@)MS0-H3Q-H.3=\




NISRN
M-Z&2)S(MPE3K &6\/2=OC\NDA166


HV!:X=:NXI$7[LU_O47=T_ .5_=1


MQH/]YH-Z##\G0-Z@!%HQ5]7!Y05)@!



B

1))/0+\B#]NY?M97X[P(4S=:;09#.%YH[?BT
MO?DSX0B61319U=_
UU;.7P]7SK:UPV/


M82;KS' 8E^\Y(#
Y0)Y
M.*1\0/2A$44?T T^LOV)Y?I/][06Z(++Z')+E_==G:;XK^0$!-@_Z&])3+C


A!NHP#A B:_G]X1!U)!#3VI*^

3@


T CQPQH B0

V




\H;KTG1@
M)A9=4:]



A*'+J*YU^S'BT)V+V.3ABLP(





$YNQ/L'-?.;[=RE)^V)YS+2D;@9


.!9U











M6NY.(O)$EV2:

599G17,<IKXVT[. BO)OV HD/GAE%1YG17-W6=PUDI4%0PY
M(3UX_AI9^G

T
M1_%U^E]ROHJ_0?G:OY^T U_WQ. X4)T3JD@3JCA.175.J(+J2J=\ZREJ8YLE

PJ0![@T&Q7)


[2


'[3^8E)1F#
$!XI3%:RH2@;7


N-]^'EU&K/\+VG*Z'.6EQI^
8A#(+:V
M\]3;-.ZL-#3HFZQ7_Q#Y40$=';^:




MBA
O_
CB;


M=]=QQAV 
2

M^)DJ\JJ+=LUFKD./.ZX5&;VV

MVCRV%RDB@*

S^/*)S



M:Q7K*K



MO6

9





CN.U1OZNLT=Q0\1


MF\E9$A&VJ9*K%$C8 *YMS*Y0&G((!ZP?/1J)4(=)5$RY1CP 56A_U_9A5U#-


M[F6%LM_@BQ?4Z

?^^$XS^'I

M\5Y5[D#=R_5&?+P^N.^ARD%;[@
GWK8K\@R\@&K4@Q==D=TYY=3LYJCWELG:

88$&HF



7/LS/_1/9L4$M9MQ2UOH


MHI#;=@IMG9[BC.55GWZ-$N)G?#

L!TI-DY2O]WO(A^(20D3*FTFLW<'9[
*^IN62$



5%:F# :![ UHQ]E



MH;@Y=!9$63]KF$_A^LR=;9F]6P]^+J.SE,BP\C8#RP!

IS'0GV







RUU)6_=N





M3
EXSHBT



M$Z!)3[T4^UVEK+

M'^


F4@/Z#SHM@G4X90+G_AM^B3'-$

9-Z\?







M8:KR\HN4)=ZV5UG*QW-=Z]:1+%5X^:7)TGB6$M:W0!T
ZMHE?GJI:N5JSZ+E
MQ%N0YY]8Q$'+ERI2G[GN/,?Z9K4U#\#WAQZ ZDC8J3=7ZT&\SE6;Z8
ME/ZP?M@.0^C-(&.BVAE^#GI%CQSNJGA*45!/B_#KG/?_7'D] SPA\9T#4-
M
.@@5J# Z%SZ %#[X[ESXX%SX
M0)*FP$B]':77K-W/F)0_&(!.RYX3\J]





! N-%71T]:+4UEOU]%)\ST






)R@L]I@RW*12WAF(F35_;Q?
=*Q AUTA9



M5KGY TN _








!@D@(G_4T



:V=H3VF_NW/T$XWH
M


M1]N!S]YSI-[S(R^

:5RDI@@QH

MM0


OUF==2*$E7IIZ5
MH





M&:5@'X'KFQ/L6TXGC1+JY^^73B._C6]8XH'Z$^VBM(;N@I\,])LX)[X,$?

M=J.X?#BY(VX_8?VK2&4G#&GH!IDP$ #%.1L@EDQUBNG;R0;8?66/LW01
YIN


 ?3C#.XT*Q)8&=
8:.@.;$8


T\?8PS/U^^


MDNY'@GY&=YUVRXY\#.NP *&HEY-#[Q]RGKC*CO@
]E !(0Y^PN@VFO

4'9D

MX$YI.WXUEJKXQ/EJ:4^
)%ZXL7/\&E'?6[7
3#27MA[.Y8V2#$R:LC')*8OY






-KS+NR-XAE01R0FHW1CU@OS!B
.[:#N6



MMCF)? I
/U-0&B! /_AD/'\5W_<\9TWO.92)$V1QELU&@V!
MU6WS[B,9FC&+BPE(\YWQ)O46CIG;QK<&9^LSMI/$[#+V^%X=3AD-R/QQ)Y]



UNQ]F5(R#

UL.RA[7]!/_'OJX@[2#D/0T8#CO(.
M+=/3U7=0=$&BUK.] #UY!VU@I#4B]I.CJ$'U9[_1R=G:E1.X$Y-6%H!A?_K
M$!#^J_U&\NB3R&
TEB@PWE;2%

MF+^\N6
$Y
QM@B GPH9J
L)!9+[PO42NCRKS/VSK+()9S5



MYO]D5BG;J_8#2)H/81-34UYJ')Z\[F;E@A-O(\C;_^;)_Y3XOFYF.K.GL8#
MX4!0*8V-RU1#$NU$6-W%7N1%P2-?ZGD!RSDC^0R4^E/7R?GKEHZ6%62

;T
MH07/ 9N0@
T?S@&; PC8_(60

MELZ^4HVB3LU]U&M;7% 8%

2D7H

 O78:







:XX#_@S.



C Q
C
Q
0' @!A86=I+3(P
C Q
C
Q7W!R92YX
8;6Q02P4&      8 !@* 0  3&0
end



