

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-18-018134
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20181231
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20181231
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blue Star Foods Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001730773
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PREPARED FRESH OR FROZEN FISH & SEAFOODS [2092]
		IRS NUMBER:				824270040
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55903
		FILM NUMBER:		181260190
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3330 CLEMATIS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 217
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-341-2684
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3330 CLEMATIS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 217
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AG ACQUISITION GROUP II
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180207








     







UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
One)



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
October 31
 2018





    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________

Commission file number: 



BLUE
    STAR FOODS CORP.

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)




    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
    
(IRS
    Employer Identification No.)

    
    
    

3000
    NW 109th Avenue

 Florida
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


(305)
836-6858
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

N/A

(Former
name
 former address and former fiscal year
 if changed since last report)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities

 par value $0.0001 per share

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer a smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of the &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;non-accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
Large
    Accelerated Filer
    
Accelerated
    Filer
    
    

    
Non-Accelerated
    Filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    
    

    
(Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)
Emerging
    Growth Company 
    
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

As
of May 31
 2018
 there were 10
000
000 shares of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 issued and
outstanding. Of these 10
000
000 shares
 none were held by non-affiliates of the registrant. Therefore
 the aggregate market value
of securities held by non-affiliates as of May 31
 2018 was $0.00.

As
of December 27
 2018
 there were 16
015
000 shares of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 issued
and outstanding


DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Not
Applicable.





    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    1.
    
    

ITEM
    1A.
    
    

ITEM
    1B.
    
    

ITEM
    2.
    
    

ITEM
    3.
    
    

ITEM
    4.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    

ITEM
    6.
    
    

ITEM
    7.
    
    

ITEM
    7A.
    
    

ITEM
    8.
    
    

ITEM
    9.
    
    

ITEM
    9A.
    
    

ITEM
    9B.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    10.
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    

ITEM
    11.
    
    

ITEM
    12.
    
    

ITEM
    13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
    

ITEM
    14.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    15.
EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
    

    
    
    

    
    



    
    


EXPLANATORY
NOTE

On
November 8
 2018
 Blue Star Foods Corp. (formerly AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
filed a Current Report on Form 8-K (the &ldquo;Form 8-K&rdquo;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
to report
 among other things
 the Company&rsquo;s consummation of a merger (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;)
 pursuant to the terms
of an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among the Company
 Blue Star Acquisition Corp.
 a newly formed
 wholly-owned
Florida subsidiary of the Company (&ldquo;Acquisition Sub&rdquo;)
 John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.
 d/b/a Blue Star Foods
 a privately
held Florida corporation (&ldquo;Blue Star&rdquo;)
 and John Keeler
 Blue Star&rsquo;s sole stockholder. As a result of the Merger
effective as of November 8
 2018
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Blue Star
 and Blue Star became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. In connection with the Merger
 the Company changed its name to &ldquo;Blue Star Foods Corp.&rdquo; and succeeded
to the business of Blue Star as its sole line of business.

At
the effective time of the Merger
 the Company also changed from a fiscal year ending October 31 to a fiscal year ending on December
31 of each year
 which is the fiscal year of Blue Star. This financial statements
 and related notes
 in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018
 relate to the old fiscal year end and the Company&rsquo;s business and operations
prior to the Merger. Simultaneously with the filing of this Form 10-K
 the Company is filing an amendment to the Form 8-K in order
to include condensed consolidated financial statements
 and related notes
 for Blue Star
 related to the third fiscal quarter
ended September 30
 2018
 of the Company&rsquo;s new fiscal year end.


    
    


FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

Except
for historical information
 this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
(the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). Such forward-looking statements include
 among others
 those statements including the words
&ldquo;believes&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intends&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plans&rdquo;
and words of similar import. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors
that may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements
 or industry results
 to be materially different from any future
results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking
statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business
 potential target businesses
 the economy
and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future
 by their nature
 they are subject to inherent
uncertainties
 risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from
those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. We caution you therefore that you should not rely on any of these forward-looking
statements as statements of historical fact or as guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include changes in local
 regional
 national
or global political
 economic
 business
 competitive
 market (supply and demand) and regulatory conditions and the following:



    
    
Our
    ability to raise capital when needed and on acceptable terms and conditions;

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    ability to make acquisitions and integrate acquired businesses into our company;

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    ability to attract and retain management with experience in the business of importing
 packaging and selling of seafood;

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    ability to negotiate
 finalize and maintain economically feasible agreements with suppliers and customers;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    availability of crab meat and other premium seafood products we sell;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    intensity of competition; and

    
    
    

    
    
Changes
    in the political and regulatory environment and in business and fiscal conditions in the United States and overseas.


These
risks and others described under the section &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; below are not exhaustive.

Given
these uncertainties
 readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on such forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to publicly announce the
result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments.

All
references in this Annual Report to the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 are to
Blue Star Foods Corp. (formerly AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)
 a Delaware corporation
 and its consolidated subsidiary
 John
Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.
 d/b/a Blue Star Foods
 a Florida corporation.


    
    


PART
I

ITEM
1. BUSINESS



We
were incorporated on October 17
 2017 in the State of Delaware as a blank check company to be used as a vehicle to pursue a business
combination with an unidentified target. Since inception
 and prior to the Merger (as defined below)
 we only engaged in organizational
efforts.

On
November 8
 2018 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;)
 we consummated a merger (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;) pursuant to the terms of
an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among the Company
 Blue Star Acquisition Corp.
 a newly formed
 wholly-owned
Florida subsidiary of the Company (&ldquo;Acquisition Sub&rdquo;)
 John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.
 d/b/a Blue Star Foods
 a privately
held Florida corporation (&ldquo;Blue Star&rdquo;)
 and John Keeler
 Blue Star&rsquo;s sole stockholder (the &ldquo;Blue Star
Stockholder&rdquo;). As a result of the Merger
 effective as of November 8
 2018
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Blue Star
and Blue Star became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

In
connection with the Merger
 the Company changed its name from &ldquo;AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.&rdquo; to &ldquo;Blue Star
Foods Corp.&rdquo; and succeeded to the business of Blue Star
 an international seafood company that imports
 packages and sells
refrigerated pasteurized crab meat
 and other premium seafood products
 including crab cakes
 finfish and wakami salad
 as its
sole line of business.

At
the Closing Date
 each of the 500 shares of Blue Star&rsquo;s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing
of the Merger was exchanged for 30
000 shares of our common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;). As
a result
 an aggregate of 15
000
000 shares of our Common Stock were issued to the Blue Star Stockholder.

Concurrently
with the closing of the Merger
 we held an initial closing of our private placement offering (the &ldquo;Offering&rdquo;) of a
minimum of $700
000 and a maximum of $3
200
000 of units of our securities (the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;)
 in which we sold 725 Units
at a purchase price of $1
000 per Unit
 for aggregate gross proceeds of $725
000. Each Unit consisted of one share of the Company&rsquo;s
8% Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share (the &ldquo;Series A Stock&rdquo;)
 initially convertible
into shares (the &ldquo;Conversion Shares&rdquo;) of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock
 at a conversion rate of $2.00 per share
and (ii) a three-year warrant (the &ldquo;Warrant&rdquo;) to purchase one-half of one share of Common Stock for every share of
Common Stock that would be received upon conversion of a share of Series A Stock (the &ldquo;Warrant Shares&rdquo;)
 at an exercise
price equal to $2.40.

On
November 8
 2018
 we entered into a registration rights agreement (the &ldquo;Registration Rights Agreement&rdquo;) with the investors
in the Offering. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement
 within 120 business days after the closing of the
Offering
 the Company is obligated toll file a registration statement (the &ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;) with the SEC
covering the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares (collectively
 the &ldquo;Registrable Shares&rdquo;) and use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective and to keep such Registration Statement effective
for a period of twelve months or for such shorter period ending on the earlier to occur of (x) the sale of all Registrable Securities
and (y) the availability of Rule 144 for the sale of the Registrable Securities without volume limitations within a 90 day period.
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in the event that the SEC limits the number of Registrable Securities that may be sold pursuant
to the Registration Statement
 the Company may remove from the Registration Statement such number of Registrable Securities as
specified by the SEC on a pro-rata basis (the &ldquo;SEC Cutback&rdquo;). The holders of Registrable Shares will have &ldquo;piggyback&rdquo;
registration rights for such Registrable Shares with respect to two registration statements in accordance with the terms and the
notice requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement
 subject to a SEC Cutback or a customary cutback in an underwritten offering
both which would be pro rata.


    
    


Effective
upon the closing of the Merger
 we issued an aggregate of 688 Units to eleven individuals and entities (the &ldquo;Settlement
Parties&rdquo;) in consideration for each such individual or entity entering into a settlement and mutual general release agreement
(the &ldquo;Settlement Agreement&rdquo;) with the Company in full and complete settlement and satisfaction and release of claims
such Settlement Parties may have against the Company (the &ldquo;Company Settlement&rdquo;).

In
connection with the Merger
 the Company redeemed an aggregate of 9
250
000 shares of Common Stock from the Company&rsquo;s pre-Merger
stockholders (the &ldquo;Pre-Merger Holders&rdquo;) for cancellation by the Company (the &ldquo;Share Redemption&rdquo;). The
Pre-Merger Holders retained an aggregate of 750
000 shares of our Common Stock after the Merger. The shares were surrendered in
consideration for the direct benefit the Pre-Merger Holders will receive in connection with the consummation of the Merger.

Our
authorized capital stock currently consists of 100
000
000 shares of Common Stock
 and 5
000
000 shares of the preferred stock
of which 10
000 shares have been designated as Series A Stock. Our Common Stock is not traded on any exchange or quoted on the
OTC Markets
 and there is no public market for our Common Stock.

Our
principal executive offices are located at 3000 NW 109th Avenue
 Miami
 Florida
 33172. Our telephone number is (305) 836-6858.
Our website address is www.bluestarfoods.com. The information contained on
 or that can be accessed through
 our website is not
a part of this Annual Report.

Company
Overview

We
are an international seafood company that imports
 packages and sells refrigerated pasteurized crab meat
 and other premium seafood
products
 including crab cakes
 finfish and wakami salad. Our current source of revenue is from importing blue and red swimming
crab meat primarily from Indonesia
 Philippines and China and distributing it in the United States
 Canada and Europe under several
premium proprietary brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika
 Crab &amp; Go and Harbor Banks. Our products are also sold
in Mexico
 Central America
 the Caribbean
 the European Union
 the United Arab Emirates
 Singapore and Hong Kong.

The
crab meat which we import is processed in 14 plants throughout Southeast Asia. Our suppliers are primarily via co-packing relationships
including two affiliated suppliers.

The
Company sells primarily to food service distributors. The Company also sells its products to wholesalers
 retail establishments
and seafood distributors.

Our
premium proprietary brands are differentiated in terms of quality and price point.

We
believe that we utilize best-in-class technology
 in both resource sustainability management and ecological packaging.

The
Company&rsquo;s executive offices and warehouse facility are based in Miami
 Florida Additionally
 the Company may
 from time
to time
 utilize third party warehouses located in Miami
 Baltimore
 Philadelphia and Los Angeles.

Strategy


Our
strategy is to create a vertically integrated seafood company that offers customers high quality products while maintaining a
focus on our core values of delivering food safety
 traceability and certified sustainability.

We
plan to grow the Company organically by continuing to grow our customer base
 offering additional species to our customers
 introducing
new value-added product lines and strategically acquiring companies that we believe we can integrate into a larger
 vertically
integrated company.


    
    


Competitive
Strengths -Sustainable and Traceable Product Sourcing

We
believe that our greatest point of differentiation from other seafood companies are our efforts to ensure that our seafood products
are ethically sourced in a method that is consistent with our core values and those of our customers.

We
purchase the majority of our crab product from processors which source the crab meat from local fishermen in Indonesia
 the Philippines
Thailand
 Vietnam
 Sri Lanka and India
 to whom we pay a premium in order to outfit their boats with a proprietary GPS-based system.
This system allows us to trace where the crab product originates and ensure that only mature crabs are being harvested by the
use of collapsible traps and not gill nets.

We
have created a technology platform that tracks the product through its entire chain of custody and collects and transmits various
data to the Company in real-time
 from the loading site
 to the packing plant
 through the sorting and pasteurization process
and the exporting process to the end customer. Our technology allows our customers access to their &ldquo;Scan on Demand&rdquo;
QR code-enabled traceability application.

The
crab meat is purchased directly from processors with whom we have long-standing relationships
 that have agreed to source their
product in a sustainable manner. All crab meat is sourced under the Company&rsquo;s FDA approved Hazard Analysis Critical Control
Point (&ldquo;HACCP&rdquo;) Plan. Additionally
 all suppliers are certified by the British Retail Consortium (the &ldquo;BRC&rdquo;)
and are audited annually to ensure safety and quality of our product.

Our
warehouse facility in Miami
 Florida is the only crab meat facility audited by the BRC in the U.S.

Proprietary
Brands.
product quality and price point.



    
Blue
    Star
    quality control requirements. 

    
    

    
Pacifika
    
    upscale plate presentations.

    
    

    
Oceanica
    
 which is caught and processed in Vietnam. It is an affordable choice to help reduce
    food cost without sacrificing the look / taste of dishes.

    
    

    
Crab
    + Go Premium Seafood
    is packaged in flexible foil pouches.


Eco-Friendly
Packaging.
green pouches for Eco-Fresh crab meat are patented in the United States
 Europe
 Thailand
 the Philippines and Indonesia under
patent Nos.1526091 B1 and US Patents 8
337
922 and 8
445
046. Since their introduction in 2003
 these pouches have saved in excess
of 800 metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions versus metal can packaging material.



In
general
 the international seafood industry is intensely competitive and highly fragmented. We compete with local and overseas
manufacturers and importers engaged in similar products.

The
Company&rsquo;s primary competitors are Tri Union Frozen Products
 Inc. (Chicken of the Sea Frozen Foods)
 Phillips Foods
 Inc.
Harbor Seafood
 Inc.
 Bonamar Corporation and Twin Tails Seafood Corp.


    
    


Industry
Overview

The
international seafood industry is going through a period of rapid change as it strives to meet the needs of a growing population
around the world
 where food consumption habits are evolving. We believe there are powerful trends emerging in the developing
world (including a growing demand for animal-based protein) as well as and in the developed world (where there is an increased
awareness and focus on sustainable sourcing and protecting marine ecosystems).

Population
Growth and Global Seafood Consumption



    
&#9679;
    
The
    United Nations estimates that there will be close to 9.8 billion people on our planet by the year 2050(1)
 a significant increase
    from the existing population estimates of 7.6 billion. (1)

    
    
    

    
    
United
    Nations &ndash; Department of Economic and Social Affairs (2017)




    
    
As
    the population has grown
 so has per capita consumption. World per capita apparent fish consumption increased from an average
    of 9.9 kg in the 1960s to 14.4 kg in the 1990s and 19.7 kg in 2013
 with preliminary estimates for 2014 and 2015 pointing
    towards further growth beyond 20 kg. (2)

    
    
    

    
    
Food
    and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations &ldquo;The State of the World Fisheries and Aquaculture &ndash; 2016&rdquo;.


Sources
of Seafood



    
&#9679;
    
Global
    total capture fishery production in 2014 was 93.4 million tonnes
 of which 81.5 million tonnes from marine waters and 11.9
    million tonnes from inland waters (3).

    
    
    

    
    
Food
    and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations &ldquo;The State of the World Fisheries and Aquaculture &ndash; 2016&rdquo;.

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
Where
    seafood comes is sourced is changing in order to meet the demand. In 2014
 a milestone was reached when the aquaculture sector&rsquo;s
    contribution to the supply of fish for human consumption overtook that of wild-caught fish for the first time (4).

    
    
    

    
    
Food
    and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations &ldquo;The State of the World Fisheries and Aquaculture &ndash; 2016&rdquo;.


Seafood
Industry Participants



    
    
The
    mix of parties involved in seafood varies from the local village fisherman
 to large
 international
 vertically-integrated
    seafood companies. 

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
The
    total number of fishing vessels in the world in 2014 is estimated at about 4.6 million
 with the fleet in Asia being the largest
    consisting of 3.5 million vessels and accounting for 75 percent of the global fleet
 followed by Africa (15%)
 Latin America
    and the Caribbean (6%)
 North America (2%) and Europe (2%)(5). 

    
    
    

    
    
Food
    and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations &ldquo;The State of the World Fisheries and Aquaculture &ndash; 2016&rdquo;.



    
    


Growth
Strategy

We
intend to grow the business organically and through strategic acquisitions.

Organic
growth &ndash; We believe that allocating additional capital to our existing business plan will allow us to continue to meet growing
demand from end-customers for seafood products. The Company also currently intends to introduce new species
 including lobster
tails
 fin fish and other specialty seafood proteins in the next 18 months.

Acquisitions
&ndash;We also currently intend to evaluate strategic acquisitions in the fragmented seafood industry. We believe that such potential
acquisitions may add value in several ways
 including geographical diversification and new specifies offerings
 as well as operational
and price synergies.



We
currently have four products: Blue Star
 Pacifika
 Oceanica
 and Crab &amp; Go Premium Seafood:

Blue
Star is packed with only high quality Portunus Pelagicus species crab and is produced under exacting specifications and quality
control requirements.

Pacifika
is a quality brand for the price conscious end-user. The Portunus Haanii crab meat is packed in China and is ideal for upscale
plate presentations.

Oceanica
is made from the Portunus Haanii crab
 which is caught and processed in Vietnam. It is an affordable choice to help reduce food
cost without sacrificing the look / taste of dishes.

Grab
+ Go Premium Seafood is geared towards millennials as part of the trend toward pre-packaged
 grab-and-go items. The product is
packaged in flexible foil pouches.



We
purchase crab meat directly from 14 processors with which we have long-standing relationships
 that have agreed to source their
product in a sustainable manner. All crab meat is sourced under the Company&rsquo;s FDA approved HACCP Plan. Additionally
 all
suppliers are certified by the BRC and are audited annually to ensure safety and quality.

The
Company has three suppliers which accounted for approximately 75% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during the year ended
December 31
 2017. These three suppliers are located in Indonesia
 the Philippines and China
 which accounted for approximately
93% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during 2017. These suppliers included Bacolod Blue Star Export Corp. (&ldquo;Bacolod&rdquo;)
an affiliated party based in the Philippines
 which accounted for approximately 53% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during
2017. Three non-affiliated suppliers
 PT Siger Jaya Abadi and PT Blue Star Anugrah of Indonesia and Longhai Desheng Seafood Stuff
Co. Ltd. of China made up the balance of the 22% of the supply concentration.

Sales
Marketing and Distribution

The
Company&rsquo;s products can be found in the United States
 Mexico
 Canada
 Central America
 the Caribbean
 the European Union
the United Arab Emirates
 Singapore and Hong Kong. Its primary current source of revenue is importing blue and red swimming crab
meat primarily from Indonesia
 Philippines and China and distributing it in the United States
 Canada and Europe under several
brand names such as Blue Star
 Oceanica
 Pacifika and Harbor Banks.


    
    


The
Company has a sales team of four employees based throughout the U.S. who sell directly to customers most of whom are in the food
service and retail industry and also manage a network of nine regional and national brokers
 that cover both the retail and wholesale
segments. The sales team and brokers help to pull the products through the system by creating demand at the end user level and
pulling the demand through our distributor customers. We sell to retail customers either directly or via distributors that specialize
in the retail segment.

The
Company does not own its own fleet of trucks and utilizes &ldquo;LTL&rdquo; national freight carriers to deliver its products
to its customers. Less than truckload freight shipping (&ldquo;LTL&rdquo;) is used for the transportation of small freight or
when freight does not require the use of an entire trailer. When shipping LTL
 we pay for a portion of a standard truck trailer
and other shippers and their shipments fill the unoccupied space.

Our
Technology

We
have created a technology platform that tracks the product through its entire chain of custody and collects and transmits various
data to the Company in real-time
 from the loading site
 to the packing plant
 through the sorting and pasteurization process
and the exporting process to the end customer. Our technology allows our customers access to their &ldquo;Scan on Demand&rdquo;
QR code-enabled traceability application.



Our
customer base is comprised of some of the largest companies in the food service and retail industry. We sell our crab meat to
our customers through purchase orders. Currently
 almost 70% of our revenue is derived from fortune 500 customers. For the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2017
 sales to food distributors accounted for 68% of our revenue
 sales to large buying cooperatives
accounted for 14% of our revenue
 and sales to retail and wholesale clubs accounting for 12% of our revenue. The balance of our
revenue derived from smaller seafood distributors and value-added processors.

Our
sales are diversified geographically throughout the United States
 with Florida being the largest geographic concentration at
18% of sales. As typical in the seafood industry
 a large portion of our revenue is located along the eastern seaboard with 54%
of our revenue derived from sales to customers along the East Coast from Massachusetts to Florida. International sales directly
or through our affiliate in the United Kingdom
 Strike the Gold Foods
 Ltd. make up roughly 5% of revenue.

The
Company had three customers which accounted for approximately 63% of revenue during the year ended December 31
 2017. Outstanding
receivables from these customers accounted for approximately 66% of the total accounts receivable as of December 31
 2017. The
loss of any major customer could have a material adverse impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial
position.

Intellectual
Property

Our
intellectual property is an essential element of our business. We use a combination of patent
 trademark
 copyright
 trade secret
and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our intellectual property. Our policy is to seek
patent protection in the United States and in certain foreign jurisdictions for our products
 processes and other technology where
available and when appropriate. We also in-license technology
 inventions and improvements we consider important to the development
of our business.

In
addition to our patents
 we also rely upon trade secrets
 know-how
 trademarks
 copyright protection and continuing technological
and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We have periodically monitored and continue to monitor
the activities of our competitors and other third parties with respect to their use of intellectual property. We require our employees
to execute confidentiality and non-competition agreements upon commencing employment with us. Despite these safeguards
 any of
our know-how or trade secrets not protected by a patent could be disclosed to
 or independently developed by
 a competitor.


    
    


It
is our standard practice to require our employees to sign agreements acknowledging that all inventions
 trade secrets
 works of
authorship
 developments and other processes generated by them on our behalf are our property
 and assigning to us any ownership
in those works Despite our precautions
 it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use without consent intellectual property
that we own. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties
 and the expenses incurred in protecting our intellectual
property rights
 may adversely affect our business.

The
following is a list of our patents:



    
    
Patent
                                         No. OR
Publication
        No.
Issue
    Date
Application
    No.
    
        

POUCH-PACKAGED
    CRABMEAT PRODUCT AND METHOD
    
2015/0257426
    A1
    
14/205
742
    

METHOD
    FOR PACKAGING CRABMEAT
    
8445046
    B2
    
13/681
027
    

METHOD
    FOR PACKAGING CRABMEAT
    
8337922
    B2
    
10/691
480
    

METHOD
    FOR PACKAGING CRABMEAT
    
1526091
    B1
    
    
    

    
    
28
256
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


Our
patents expire 20 years from the date of issuance.

The
following is a list of our registered trademarks
 and trademarks for which we have filed applications.



    
Registration
    No.
    
        
Application
    No.
    
        

    
    
    
    
    

AMERICA&rsquo;S
    FAVORITE CRABMEAT
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    


Government
Regulation

Our
distribution facility in Florida and our international suppliers are certified in accordance with the HACCP
 standards for exporting
aquatic products to the United States. The HACCP standards are developed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the &ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
pursuant to the FDA&rsquo;s HACCP regulation
 Title 21
 Code of Federal Regulations
 part 123
 and are used by the FDA to help
ensure food safety and control sanitary standards.

Food
Safety and Labeling

We
are subject to extensive regulation
 including
 among other things
 the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 as amended by the Food Safety
Modernization Act (&ldquo;FSMA&rdquo;)
 the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002
 and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. FSMA was enacted in order to aid the effective prevention of food
safety issues in the food supply. This comprehensive and evolving regulatory program will impact how food is grown
 packed
 processed
shipped and imported into the United States and will govern compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices regulations (&ldquo;GMPs&rdquo;).
The FDA has finalized seven major rules to implement FSMA
 recognizing that ensuring the safety of the food supply is a shared
responsibility among many different points in the global supply chain. The FSMA rules are designed to make clear specific actions
that must be taken at each of these points to prevent contamination. Some aspects of these laws use a strict liability standard
for imposing sanctions on corporate behavior. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations
 we may be subject to
civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls
 or seizures
 and criminal sanctions
 any of which could impact our results
of operations.

In
addition
 the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 prescribes the format and content of certain information required to
appear on the labels of food products.

Our
operations and products are also subject to state and local regulation
 including the registration and licensing of plants
 enforcement
by state health agencies of various state standards
 and the registration and inspection of facilities. Compliance with federal
state and local regulation is costly and time-consuming. Enforcement actions for violations of federal
 state
 and local regulations
may include seizure and condemnation of products
 cease and desist orders
 injunctions or monetary penalties. We believe that
our practices are sufficient to maintain compliance with applicable government regulations.



For
the purchase of products harvested or manufactured outside of the United States
 and for the shipment of products to customers
located outside of the United States
 we are subject to customs laws regarding the import and export of shipments. Our activities
including working with customs brokers and freight forwarders
 are subject to regulation by U.S. Customs and Border Protection
part of the Department of Homeland Security.

Federal
Trade Commission

We
are subject to certain regulations by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Advertising of our products is subject to such regulation
pursuant to the Federal Trade Commission Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Employee
Safety Regulations

We
are subject to certain health and safety regulations
 including regulations issued pursuant to the Occupational Safety and Health
Act. These regulations require us to comply with certain manufacturing
 health
 and safety standards to protect our employees
from accidents.


    
    




Because
we are organized under the laws of a state in the U.S. and our principal place of business is in the U.S.
 we are considered a
&ldquo;domestic concern&rdquo; under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (&ldquo;FCPA&rdquo;) and are covered by the anti-bribery
provisions of the FCPA. The anti-bribery provisions of the FCPA prohibit any domestic concern and any officer
 director
 employee
or agent
 acting on behalf of the domestic concern from paying or authorizing payment of anything of value to (i) influence any
act or decision by a foreign official; (ii) induce a foreign official to do or omit to do any act in violation of his/her lawful
duty; (iii) secure any improper advantage; or (iv) induce a foreign official to use his/her influence to assist the payor in obtaining
or retaining business
 or directing business to another person.

Environmental
Regulation

We
are subject to a number of federal
 state
 and local laws and other requirements relating to the protection of the environment
and the safety and health of personnel and the public. These requirements relate to a broad range of our activities
 including:
the discharge of pollutants into the air and water; the identification
 generation
 storage
 handling
 transportation
 disposal
recordkeeping
 labeling
 and reporting of
 and emergency response in connection with
 hazardous materials (including asbestos)
associated with our operations; noise emissions from our facilities; and safety and health standards
 practices
 and procedures
that apply to the workplace and the operation of our facilities. Insurance

We
maintain general liability and product liability
 property
 worker&rsquo;s compensation and business interruption insurance and
are in the process of obtaining director and officer insurance in amounts and on terms that we believe are customary for companies
similarly situated. In addition
 we maintain excess insurance where we believe it is reasonably cost effective.



As
of December 31
 2018
 we have sixteen full time employees and one part-time employee. We believe that our future success
will depend
 in part
 on our continued ability to attract
 hire and retain qualified personnel.

Reports
to Security Holders

We
file annual
 quarterly and current reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).
You may read and copy any reports
 statement or other information that we file with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s public reference
room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at (202) 551-8090 for further information on the public
reference room. These SEC filings are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services and at the Internet
site maintained by the SEC at 


    
    


ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

THIS
ANNUAL REPORT CONTAINS CERTAIN STATEMENTS RELATING TO FUTURE EVENTS OR THE FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OF OUR COMPANY. YOU ARE
CAUTIONED THAT SUCH STATEMENTS ARE ONLY PREDICTIONS AND INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
 AND THAT ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS MAY
DIFFER MATERIALLY. IN EVALUATING SUCH STATEMENTS
 YOU SHOULD SPECIFICALLY CONSIDER THE VARIOUS FACTORS IDENTIFIED IN THIS ANNUAL
REPORT
 INCLUDING THE MATTERS SET FORTH BELOW
 WHICH COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE INDICATED BY SUCH
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.

AN
INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON STOCK INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING RISK FACTORS BEFORE
DECIDING TO INVEST IN OUR COMPANY. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS ACTUALLY OCCUR
 OUR BUSINESS
 FINANCIAL CONDITION
 RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS AND PROSPECTS FOR GROWTH WOULD LIKELY SUFFER.

Risks
Relating to Our Company and Business

Future
acquisitions may have an adverse effect on our ability to manage our business.

Selective
acquisitions currently form part of our strategy to further expand our business. If we are presented with appropriate opportunities
we may acquire additional businesses
 services or products that are complementary to our core business. Future acquisitions and
the subsequent integration of new companies into ours would require significant attention from our management. Future acquisitions
would also expose us to potential risks
 including risks associated with the assimilation of new operations
 services and personnel
unforeseen or hidden liabilities
 the diversion of resources from our existing businesses and technologies
 the inability to generate
sufficient revenue to offset the costs and expenses of acquisitions and potential loss of
 or harm to
 relationships with employees
as a result of integration of new businesses. The diversion of our management&rsquo;s attention and any difficulties encountered
in any integration process could have a material adverse effect on our ability to manage our business.

The
value of crab meat is subject to fluctuation which may result in volatility of our results of operations and the value of an investment
in the Company.

Our
business is dependent upon the sale of a commodity which value is subject to fluctuation and which value greatly fluctuates. Our
net sales and operating results vary significantly due to the volatility of the value of the crab meat that we sell which may
result in the volatility of the market price of our common stock.

A
material decline in the population and biomass of crab meat that we sell in the fisheries from which we obtain our crab meat would
materially and adversely affect our business. 

The
population and biomass of crab meat are subject to natural fluctuations which are beyond our control and which may be exacerbated
by disease
 reproductive problems or other biological issues and may be affected by changes in weather and global environmental
changes. The overall health of a crab or other fish is difficult to measure
 and fisheries management is still a relatively inexact
science. Since we are unable to predict the timing and extent of fluctuations in the population and biomass of our products
 we
are unable to engage in any measures that might alleviate the adverse effects of these fluctuations. Any such fluctuation which
results in a material decline in the population and biomass in the fisheries from which we obtain our crab meat would materially
and adversely affect our business. Our operations are also subject to the risk of variations in supply.


    
    


We
are subject to the risk of product contamination and product liability claims.

The
sales of our products may involve the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized personnel
product contamination or spoilage
 including the presence of foreign objects
 substances
 chemicals
 or residues introduced during
the packing
 storage
 handling or transportation phases. While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and believe
our facilities comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations
 including internal product safety policies
we cannot be sure that consumption of our products will not cause a health-related illness in the future or that we will not be
subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful
 the negative publicity
surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential
customers and our brand image.

A
significant portion of our revenues are derived from a single product
 crab meat
 and therefore we are highly susceptible to changes
in market demand
 which may be affected by factors over which we have limited or no control. 

A
significant portion of our revenues are derived from a single product
 crab meat. We therefore are highly susceptible to changes
in market demand
 which may be impacted by factors over which we have limited or no control. Factors that could lead to a decline
in market demand for crab meat include economic conditions and evolving consumer preferences. A substantial downturn in market
demand for crab meat may have a material adverse effect on our business and on our results of operations.

Risks
Related to Our Industry

Regulation
of the fishing industry may have an adverse impact on our business.

The
international community has been aware of and concerned with the worldwide problem of depletion of natural fish stocks. In the
past
 these concerns have resulted in the imposition of quotas that subject individual countries to strict limitations on the
amount of seafood that is allowed to be caught or harvested. Environmental groups have been lobbying for additional limitations.
If international organizations or national governments were to impose additional limitations on crab meat or the seafood products
we sell
 this could have a negative impact on our results of operations.

Segments
of the seafood industry in which we operate are competitive
 and our inability to compete successfully could adversely affect
our business
 results of operations and financial condition. 

We
compete with major integrated seafood companies such as Tri Union Frozen Products
 Inc. (Chicken of the Sea Frozen Foods)
 Phillips
Foods
 Inc.
 Harbor Seafood
 Inc.
 Bonamar Corporation and Twin Tails Seafood Corp. Some of our competitors have the benefit of
marketing their products under brand names that have better market recognition than ours or have stronger marketing and distribution
channels than we do. Increased competition as to any of our products could result in price reduction
 reduced margins and loss
of market share
 which could negatively affect our profitability. An increase in imported products in the U.S. at low prices could
also negatively affect our profitability.


    
    


Our
insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover losses we may incur or to fully replace a significant loss of assets.

Our
involvement in the fishing industry may result in liability for pollution
 property damage
 personal injury or other hazards.
Although we believe we have obtained insurance in accordance with industry standards to address such risks
 such insurance has
limitations on liability and/or deductible amounts that may not be sufficient to cover the full extent of such liabilities or
losses. In addition
 such risks may not
 in all circumstances
 be insurable or
 in certain circumstances
 we may choose not to
obtain insurance to protect against specific risks due to the high premiums associated with such insurance or for other reasons.
The payment of such uninsured liabilities would reduce the funds available to us. If we suffer a significant event or occurrence
that is not fully insured
 or if the insurer of such event is not solvent
 we could be required to divert funds from capital investment
or other uses towards covering any liability or loss for such events.

Our
operations
 revenue and profitability could be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations in the countries where we
do business. 

The
governments of countries into which we sell our products
 from time to time
 consider regulatory proposals relating to raw materials
food safety and markets
 and environmental regulations
 which
 if adopted
 could lead to disruptions in distribution of our products
and increase our operational costs
 which
 in turn
 could affect our profitability. To the extent that we increase our product
prices as a result of such changes
 our sales volume and revenues may be adversely affected.

Furthermore
these governments may change import regulations or impose additional taxes or duties on certain imports from time to time. These
regulations and fees or new regulatory developments may have a material adverse impact on our operations
 revenue and profitability.
If one or more of the countries into which we sell our products bars the import or sale of crab meat or related products
 our
available market would shrink significantly
 adversely impacting our results of operations and growth potential.

A
decline in discretionary consumer spending may adversely affect our industry
 our operations and ultimately our profitability.


Luxury
products
 such as premium grade crab meat
 are discretionary purchases for consumers. Any reduction in consumer discretionary
spending or disposable income may affect the crab meat industry significantly. Many economic factors outside of our control could
affect consumer discretionary spending
 including the financial markets
 consumer credit availability
 prevailing interest rates
energy costs
 employment levels
 salary levels
 and tax rates. Any reduction in discretionary consumer spending could materially
adversely affect our business and financial condition.

Risks
Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties

We
are dependent on third parties for our operations.

Our
business is dependent upon our relationships with vendors in Southeast Asia for co-packing
 processing and shipping product to
us. If for any reason these companies became unable or unwilling to continue to provide services to us
 this would likely lead
to a temporary interruption in our ability to import our products until we found another entity that could provide these services.
Failure to find a suitable replacement
 even on a temporary basis
 would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.


    
    


We
are primarily dependent on three suppliers to provide our crab meat product.

The
Company had three suppliers which accounted for approximately 75% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during the year ended
December 31
 2017. These three suppliers are located in Indonesia
 Philippines
 China
 which accounted for approximately 93% of
the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2017. The Company had four suppliers which accounted for
approximately 70% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2016. These four suppliers were located
in four countries (Indonesia
 the Philippines
 China and the United States)
 and accounted for approximately 82% of the Company&rsquo;s
total purchases during the year ended December 31
 2016. These suppliers included Bacolod
 which accounted for approximately 53%
and 22% of the Company&rsquo;s total purchases
 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. The loss of any
major supplier could have a material adverse impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.

Three
customers accounted for the majority of our revenue.

The
Company had three customers which accounted for approximately 63% and 60% of revenue during the years ended December 31
 2017
and December 31
 2016
 respectively. Outstanding receivables from these customers accounted for approximately 66% of the total
accounts receivable as of December 31
 2017. The loss of any of these major customers could have a material adverse impact on
the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.

All
of our significant customer contracts and some of our supplier contracts are short-term and may not be renewable on terms favorable
to us
 or at all.

All
of our customers and some of our suppliers operate through purchase orders or short-term contracts. Though we have long-term business
relationships with many of our customers and suppliers and alternative sources of supply for key items
 we cannot be sure that
any of these customers or suppliers will continue to do business with us on the same basis. Additionally
 although we try to renew
these contracts as they expire
 there can be no assurance that these customers or suppliers will renew these contracts on terms
that are favorable to us
 if at all. The termination of
 or modification to
 any number of these contracts may adversely affect
our business and prospects
 including our financial performance and results of operations.

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements

We
may need to raise additional capital to fund our existing commercial operations and develop and commercialize new products and
expand our operations. 

Based
on our current business plan
 we believe the net proceeds from the Offering
 together with our current cash and cash equivalents
and cash receipts from sales will enable us to conduct our planned operations for at least the next 12 months. If our available
cash balances
 net proceeds from the Offering and anticipated cash flow from operations are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity
requirements including because of lower demand for our products or due to other risks described herein
 we may seek to sell Common
Stock or preferred stock or convertible debt securities
 enter into an additional credit facility or another form of third-party
funding or seek other debt financing.


    
    


We
may consider raising additional capital in the future to expand our business
 to pursue strategic investments
 to take advantage
of financing opportunities or for other reasons
 including to:



    
    
increase
    our sales and marketing efforts and address competitive developments; 

    
    
    

    
    
provide
    for supply and inventory costs; 

    
    
    

    
    
fund
    development and marketing efforts of any future products or additional features to then-current products; 

    
    
    

    
    
acquire
    license or invest in new technologies; 

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
acquire
    or invest in complementary businesses or assets; and 

    
    
    

    
    
finance
    capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses. 


Our
present and future funding requirements will depend on many factors
 including:



    
    
our
    ability to achieve revenue growth and improve gross margins; 

    
    
    

    
    
the
    cost of expanding our operations and offerings
 including our sales and marketing efforts; 

    
    
    

    
    
the
    effect of competing market developments; and

    
    
    

    
    
costs
    related to international expansion. 


The
various ways we could raise additional capital carry potential risks. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities
 dilution
to our stockholders could result. Any equity securities issued also could provide for rights
 preferences or privileges senior
to those of holders of our Common Stock. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities
 those debt securities would have rights
preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our Common Stock. The terms of debt securities issued or borrowings pursuant
to a credit agreement could impose significant restrictions on our operations. If we raise funds through collaborations and licensing
arrangements
 we might be required to relinquish significant rights or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us.

We
will incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management expects to devote substantial time
to public company compliance programs. 

As
a public company
 we will incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses due to our compliance with regulations and disclosure
obligations applicable to us
 including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended (the &ldquo;Sarbanes-Oxley
Act&rdquo;)
 and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the &ldquo;Dodd-Frank Act&rdquo;) as well as rules
implemented by the SEC
 and the OTC Markets. Stockholder activism
 the current political environment and the current high level
of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations
 which may
lead to additional compliance costs and impact
 in ways we cannot currently anticipate
 the manner in which we operate our business.
Our management and other personnel will devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance programs and monitoring of and
compliance with
 public company reporting obligations. These rules and regulations will cause us to incur significant legal and
financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time consuming and costly.


    
    


To
comply with the requirements of being a public company
 we may need to undertake various actions
 including implementing new internal
controls and procedures and hiring new accounting or internal audit staff. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our
disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file with the SEC is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms
and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal
executive and financial officers. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate and weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective
controls could negatively impact the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting
firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we may be required
to include in our periodic reports we will file with the SEC under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 harm our operating results
cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in a restatement of our prior period financial statements. In the
event that we are not able to demonstrate compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 that our internal control over financial reporting
is perceived as inadequate or that we are unable to produce timely or accurate financial statements
 investors may lose confidence
in our operating results and the price of our Common Stock could decline. In addition
 if we are unable to continue to meet these
requirements
 our Common Stock may not be able to be eligible for quotation on the OTC Markets or meet the eligibility requirements
for the NASDAQ Stock Market(&ldquo;NASDAQ&rdquo;).

We
are not currently required to comply with the SEC rules that implement Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and are therefore
not yet required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose.
Upon becoming a public company
 we will be required to comply with certain of these rules
 which will require management to certify
financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting commencing with our second annual report. We are just beginning the costly and
challenging process of compiling the system and processing documentation needed to comply with such requirements. We may not be
able to complete our evaluation
 testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing process
if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
 we will be unable to assert that
our internal control over financial reporting is effective.

Our
independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting until the later of our second annual report or the first annual report required to be filed with the
SEC following the date we are no longer an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act depending on whether
we choose to rely on certain exemptions set forth in the JOBS Act. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial
reporting is effective
 or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting
 we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial
reports
 which could harm our business.

Our
loan and security agreement with ACF Finco I LP (&ldquo;ACF&rdquo;)
 contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict
our business and financing activities. 

As
of December 28
 2018
 we had $8
079
712 in outstanding debt to ACF. Borrowings under our loan and security agreement
with ACF are secured by substantially all of our personal property
 including our intellectual property. Our loan and security
agreement contain affirmative and negative covenants which restricts our ability to
 among other things:


    
    




    
    
dispose
    of or sell our assets; 

    
    
    

    
    
make
    material changes in our business; 

    
    
    

    
    
merge
    with or acquire other entities or assets; 

    
    
    

    
    
incur
    additional indebtedness; 

    
    
    

    
    
create
    liens on our assets; 

    
    
    

    
    
pay
    dividends; and

    
    
    

    
    
make
    investments. 


The
operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our loan and security agreement
 as well as any future financing agreements
into which we may enter
 may restrict our ability to finance our operations and engage in
 expand or otherwise pursue our business
activities and strategies. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control
 and future
breaches of any of these covenants could result in a default under our loan and security agreement. If not waived
 future defaults
could cause all of the outstanding indebtedness under our loan and security agreement to become immediately due and payable and
terminate all commitments to extend further credit.

If
we do not have or are unable to generate sufficient cash available to repay our debt obligations when they become due and payable
either upon maturity or in the event of a default
 we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable
terms
 if at all
 which may negatively impact our ability to operate and continue our business as a going concern.

We
face risks related to the current global economic environment which could harm our business
 financial condition and results of
operations. 

The
state of the global economy continues to be uncertain. The current global economic conditions and uncertain credit markets
 concerns
regarding the availability of credit pose a risk that could impact our international relationships
 as well as our ability to
manage normal commercial relationships with our customers
 suppliers and creditors
 including financial institutions. Global trade
issues and the impositions of tariffs could also have an adverse effect on our international business activities. If the current
global economic environment deteriorates
 our business could be negatively affected.

Risks
Related to Administrative
 Organizational and Commercial Operations and Growth 

We
may be unable to manage our future growth effectively
 which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy. 

We
anticipate growth in our business operations. This future growth could create a strain on our organizational
 administrative and
operational infrastructure
 including manufacturing operations
 quality control
 technical support and customer service
 sales
force management and general and financial administration. Our ability to manage our growth properly will require us to continue
to improve our operational
 financial and management controls
 as well as our reporting systems and procedures. If we are unable
to manage our growth effectively
 we may be unable to execute our business plan
 which could have a material adverse effect on
our business and our results of operations.


    
    


If
we are unable to support demand for our current and our future products
 including ensuring that we have adequate resources to
meet increased demand our business could be harmed. 

As
our commercial operations and sales volume grow
 we will need to continue to increase our workflow capacity for processing
 customer
service
 billing and general process improvements and expand our internal quality assurance program
 among other things. We may
also need to purchase additional equipment and increase our manufacturing
 maintenance
 software and computing capacity to meet
increased demand. We cannot assure you that any of these increases in scale
 expansion of personnel
 purchase of equipment or
process enhancements will be successfully implemented.

The
loss of our Executive Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer or our inability to attract and retain highly
skilled officers and key personnel could negatively impact our business. 

Our
success depends on the skills
 experience and performance of our Executive Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer. The individual and collective efforts of these individuals will be important as we continue to develop and expand our
commercial activities. The loss or incapacity of existing members of our executive management team could negatively impact our
operations if we experience difficulties in hiring qualified successors. Qualified employees periodically are in great demand
and may be unavailable in the time frame required to satisfy our customers&rsquo; requirements. Expansion of our business could
require us to employ additional personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain sufficient numbers
of skilled employees in the future. The loss of personnel or our inability to hire or retain sufficient personnel at competitive
rates could impair the growth of our business.

If
we were sued for product liability or professional liability
 we could face substantial liabilities that exceed our resources.


The
marketing and sale of our products could lead to the filing of product liability claims alleging that our product made users ill.
A product liability claim could result in substantial damages and be costly and time-consuming for us to defend.

We
maintain product liability insurance
 but this insurance may not fully protect us from the financial impact of defending against
product liability claims. Any product liability claim brought against us
 with or without merit
 could increase our insurance
rates or prevent us from securing insurance coverage in the future. Additionally
 any product liability lawsuit could lead to
regulatory investigations
 product recalls or withdrawals
 damage our reputation or cause current vendors
 suppliers and customers
to terminate existing agreements and potential customers and partners to seek other suppliers
 any of which could negatively impact
our results of operations.

We
face risks associated with our international business. 

Our
international business operations are subject to a variety of risks
 including:



    
    
difficulties
    with [managing] foreign and geographically dispersed operations; 

    
    
    

    
    
having
    to comply with various U.S. and international laws
 including export control laws and the FCPA
 and anti-money laundering
    laws; 

    
    
    

    
    
changes
    in uncertainties relating to foreign rules and regulations;

    
    
    

    
    
tariffs
    export or import restrictions
 restrictions on remittances abroad
 imposition of duties or taxes that limit our ability to
    import product; 



    
    


&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
limitations on our ability to enter into cost-effective arrangements with distributors
 or at all;

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
imposition of limitations on production
 sale or export in foreign countries;

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
imposition of limitations on or increase of withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by foreign
processors or joint ventures;

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
imposition of differing labor laws and standards;

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
economic
 political or social instability in foreign countries and regions;

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
an inability
 or reduced ability
 to protect our intellectual property
 including any effect of compulsory licensing imposed
by government action;

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
availability of government subsidies or other incentives that benefit competitors in their local markets that are not
available to us;

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
difficulties in recruiting and retaining personnel
 and managing international operations; and

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
less developed infrastructure.

If
we expand into other target markets we cannot assure you that our expansion plans will be realized
 or if realized
 be successful.
We expect each market to have particular regulatory and funding hurdles to overcome and future developments in these markets
including the uncertainty relating to governmental policies and regulations
 could harm our business. If we expend significant
time and resources on expansion plans that fail or are delayed
 our reputation
 business and financial condition may be harmed.

Our
results may be impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Currently
the majority of our international sales contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars. We pay certain of our suppliers in a foreign
currency and we may pay others in the future in foreign currency. As a result
 an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative
to foreign currencies could require us to reduce our selling price or risk making our product less competitive in international
markets or our costs could increase. Also
 if our international sales increase
 we may enter into a greater number of transactions
denominated in non-U.S. dollars
 which could expose us to foreign currency risks
 including changes in currency exchange rates.

A
larger portion of our revenues may be denominated in other foreign currencies if we expand our international operations. Conducting
business in currencies other than U.S. dollars subjects us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could have a negative
impact on our operating results. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies impact our revenues
cost of revenues and operating margins and result in foreign currency translation gains and losses.


    
    


We
could be negatively impacted by violations of applicable anti-corruption laws or violations of our internal policies designed
to ensure ethical business practices. 

We
operate in a number of countries throughout the world
 including in countries that do not have as strong a commitment to anti-corruption
and ethical behavior that is required by U.S. laws or by corporate policies. We are subject to the risk that we
 our U.S. employees
or our employees located in other jurisdictions or any third parties that we engage to do work on our behalf in foreign countries
may take action determined to be in violation of anti-corruption laws in any jurisdiction in which we conduct business. Any violation
of anti-corruption laws or regulations could result in substantial fines
 sanctions
 civil and/or criminal penalties and curtailment
of operations in certain jurisdictions and might harm our business
 financial condition or results of operations. Further
 detecting
investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations is expensive and can consume significant time and attention of our senior
management.

We
depend on our information technology systems
 and any failure of these systems could harm our business.

We
depend on information technology and telecommunications systems for significant elements of our operations. We have developed
propriety software for the management and operation of our business. We have installed and expect to expand a number of enterprise
software systems that affect a broad range of business processes and functional areas
 including for example
 systems handling
human resources
 financial controls and reporting
 contract management
 regulatory compliance and other infrastructure operations.

Information
technology and telecommunications systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources
 including telecommunications or
network failures
 malicious human acts and natural disasters. Moreover
 despite network security and back-up measures
 some of
our servers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins
 computer viruses and similar disruptive problems.
Despite the precautionary measures we have taken to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our information technology
and telecommunications systems
 failures or significant downtime of our information technology or telecommunications systems or
those used by our third-party service providers could prevent us from providing support services and product to our customers
and managing the administrative aspects of our business. Any disruption or loss of information technology or telecommunications
systems on which critical aspects of our operations depend could harm our business.

Our
operations are vulnerable to interruption or loss due to natural or other disasters
 power loss
 strikes and other events beyond
our control. 

We
conduct a significant portion of our activities
 including administration and data processing
 at facilities located in Southern
Florida that have experienced major hurricanes and floods which could affect our facilities
 
 could significantly disrupt our
operations
 and delay or prevent product shipment during the time required to repair
 rebuild or replace damaged processing facilities;
these delays could be lengthy and costly. Our suppliers in Southeast Asia are also vulnerable to natural disasters which could
disrupt their operations and their ability to supply product to us. If any of our customers&rsquo; facilities are negatively impacted
by a disaster
 product shipments could be delayed. Additionally
 customers may delay purchases of products until operations return
to normal. Even if we and/or our suppliers are able to quickly respond to a disaster
 the ongoing effects of the disaster could
create some uncertainty in the operations of our business. In addition
 our facilities may be subject to a shortage of available
electrical power and other energy supplies. Any shortages may increase our costs for power and energy supplies or could result
in blackouts
 which could disrupt the operations of our affected facilities and harm our business.


    
    


Risks
Related to Intellectual Property

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable
 and any inability to adequately protect
 or uncertainty regarding validity
 enforceability
or scope of them could undermine our competitive position and reduce the value of our products
 services and brand
 and litigation
to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly.

We
attempt to strengthen and differentiate our product portfolio by developing new and innovative products and product improvements.
As a result
 our patents
 trademarks
 trade secrets
 copyrights and other intellectual property rights are important assets to
us. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights as well as to our products and services.
For example
 effective intellectual property protection may not be available in countries in which our products are sold. Also
although we have registered our trademark in various jurisdictions
 our efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient
or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete
and hurt our results of operation. Also
 protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Policing unauthorized
use of our proprietary technology can be difficult and expensive. Litigation might be necessary to protect our intellectual property
rights and any such litigation may be costly and may divert our management&rsquo;s attention from our core business. An adverse
determination in any lawsuit involving our intellectual property is likely to jeopardize our business prospects and reputation.
Although we are not aware of any of such litigation
 we have no insurance coverage against litigation costs
 so we would be forced
to bear all litigation costs if we cannot recover them from other parties. All foregoing factors could harm our business
 financial
condition
 and results of operations. Any unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive for us to
do business and harm our operating results.

We
may be exposed to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties
 which
 if determined against us
 could adversely affect
our business and subject us to significant liability to third parties.

Our
success mainly depends on our ability to use and develop our technology and product designs without infringing upon the intellectual
property rights of third parties. We may be subject to litigation involving claims of patent infringement or violations of other
intellectual property rights of third parties. Holders of patents and other intellectual property rights potentially relevant
to our product offerings may be unknown to us
 which may make it difficult for us to acquire a license on commercially acceptable
terms. There may also be technologies licensed to us and that we rely upon that are subject to infringement or other corresponding
allegations or claims by third parties which may damage our ability to rely on such technologies. In addition
 although we endeavor
to ensure that companies that work with us possess appropriate intellectual property rights or licenses
 we cannot fully avoid
the risks of intellectual property rights infringement created by suppliers of components used in our products or by companies
we work with in cooperative research and development activities. Our current or potential competitors may have obtained or may
obtain patents that will prevent
 limit or interfere with our ability to make
 use or sell our products. The defense of intellectual
property claims
 including patent infringement suits
 and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and
time consuming
 and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical personnel and management. These factors
could effectively prevent us from pursuing some or all of our business operations and result in our customers or potential customers
deferring
 canceling or limiting their purchase or use of our products
 which may have a material adverse effect on our business
financial condition and results of operations.

Our
commercial success will depend in part on our success in obtaining and maintaining issued patents and other intellectual property
rights in the United States and elsewhere If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property
 competitors may be able to
use our processes and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have
 which could harm our business. 

We
cannot provide any assurances that any of our patents have
 or that any of our pending patent applications that mature into issued
patents will include
 claims with a scope sufficient to protect our products
 any additional features we develop or any new products.
Patents
 if issued
 may be challenged
 deemed unenforceable
 invalidated or circumvented.


    
    


Furthermore
though an issued patent is presumed valid and enforceable
 its issuance is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability
and it may not provide us with adequate proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products.
Competitors may also be able to design around our patents. Other parties may develop and obtain patent protection for more effective
technologies
 designs or methods. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our knowledge or trade secrets
by consultants
 suppliers
 vendors
 former employees and current employees. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect
our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States
 and we may encounter significant problems in protecting
our proprietary rights in these countries. If any of these developments were to occur
 they each could have a negative impact
on our sales.

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets
 our business and competitive position could be harmed. 

We
rely upon copyright and trade secret protection
 as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with
our employees
 consultants and third parties
 to protect our confidential and proprietary information. In addition to contractual
measures
 we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using physical and technological security measures.
Such measures may not
 for example
 in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized
access
 provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant
from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor
 and recourse we take against such misconduct may not
provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated
a trade secret can be difficult
 expensive and time-consuming
 and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition
 trade secrets may
be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our confidential or proprietary
information
 such as our trade secrets
 were to be disclosed or misappropriated
 or if any such information was independently
developed by a competitor
 our competitive position could be harmed.

We
may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

The
laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States.
Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign
jurisdictions. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement or the misappropriation of our intellectual property
rights. For example
 many foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third
parties. In addition
 many countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties
 including government agencies
or government contractors. In these countries
 patents may provide limited or no benefit. Patent protection must ultimately be
sought on a country-by-country basis
 which is an expensive and time-consuming process with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly
 we
may choose not to seek patent protection in certain countries
 and we will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries.

Proceedings
to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from
other aspects of our business. Accordingly
 our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate.
In addition
 changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability
to obtain adequate protection for our technology and the enforcement of intellectual property.


    
    


Third
parties may assert that our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated
trade secrets. 

Although
we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work
for us
 we may be subject to claims that we or our employees
 consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise
used or disclosed intellectual property
 including trade secrets or other proprietary information
 of a former employer or other
third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims
 in addition
to paying monetary damages
 we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending
against such claims
 litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees.

Risks
Related to Regulatory Matters

Our
products and operations are subject to government regulation and oversight both in the United States and abroad
 and our failure
to comply with applicable requirements could harm our business. 

The
FDA and other government agencies regulate
 among other things
 with respect to our products and operations:



    
    
design
    development and manufacturing; 

    
    
    

    
    
testing
    labeling
 content and language of instructions for use and storage; 

    
    
    

    
    
product
    safety; 

    
    
    

    
    
marketing
    sales and distribution; 

    
    
    

    
    
record
    keeping procedures; 

    
    
    

    
    
advertising
    and promotion; 

    
    
    

    
    
recalls
    and corrective actions; 

    
    
    

    
    
product
    import and export. 


The
regulations to which we are subject are complex and have tended to become more stringent over time. Regulatory changes could result
in restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations
 higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales.

The
failure to comply with applicable regulations could jeopardize our ability to sell our products and result in enforcement actions
such as:



    
    
warning
    letters; 

    
    
    

    
    
fines;
    

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
injunctions;
    

    
    
    

    
    
civil
    penalties; 

    
    
    

    
    
termination
    of distribution; 



    
    




    
    
recalls
    or seizures of products; 

    
    
    

    
    
delays
    in the introduction of products into the market; and

    
    
    

    
    
total
    or partial suspension of production.


We
may also be required to take corrective actions
 such as installing additional equipment or taking other actions
 each of which
could require us to make substantial capital expenditures. We could also be required to indemnify our employees in connection
with any expenses or liabilities that they may incur individually in connection with regulatory action against them. As a result
our future business prospects could deteriorate due to regulatory constraints
 and our profitability could be impaired by our
obligation to provide such indemnification to our employees.

Any
of these sanctions could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales and harm our reputation
 business
financial condition and results of operations.

Product
liability claims could divert management&rsquo;s attention from our business
 be expensive to defend and result in sizeable damage
awards against us that may not be covered by insurance.

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock

We
may be unable to register for resale all of the Common Stock included within the Units sold in the Offering
 in which case a stockholder
will need to rely on an exemption from the registration requirements in order to sell such shares.

We
are obligated to file the &ldquo;resale&rdquo; Registration Statement with the SEC that covers all of our Conversion Shares and
Warrant Shares included within the Units sold in the Offering within 120 business days after the closing of the Merger. Nevertheless
it is possible that the SEC may not permit us to register all of such shares of Common Stock for resale. In certain circumstances
the SEC may take the view that the Offering requires us to register the issuance of the securities as a primary offering. Without
sufficient disclosure of this risk
 rescission of the Offering could be sought by investors or an offer of rescission may be mandated
by the SEC
 which would result in a material adverse effect to us. To date
 the SEC has not made any formal statements or proposed
or adopted any new rules or regulations regarding Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act
 as such rule applies to resale
registration statements. However
 investors should be aware of the risks that interpretive positions taken with respect to Rule
415
 or similar rules or regulations adopted subsequent to the date of this Report
 could have on the manner in which the Common
Stock may be registered or our ability to register the Common Stock for resale at all.

If
we are not able to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective
 then investors will need to rely on exemptions from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act
 such as Rule 144 which may require that the investor have held the shares
to be sold for a minimum period of time.

Failure
to cause a registration statement to become effective in a timely manner could materially adversely affect our company.

We
have agreed
 at our expense
 to prepare a registration statement covering the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares in connection
with the Offering. Our obligation requires us to file the Registration Statement with the SEC within 120 business days of the
closing of the Merger. There are many reasons
 including those over which we have no control
 which could delay the filing or
effectiveness of the Registration Statement
 including delays resulting from the SEC review process and comments raised by the
SEC during that process. Failure to file or cause the Registration Statement to become effective in a timely manner or maintain
its effectiveness could materially adversely affect us.


    
    


As
a result of the Merger
 Blue Star became subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws
 which can be expensive.

As
a result of the Merger
 Blue Star became a public reporting company and
 accordingly
 subject to the information and reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act and other federal and state securities laws
 including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports
 proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing
audited reports to stockholders will cause Blue Star&rsquo;s expenses to be higher than they would have been if Blue Star remained
privately-held and did not consummate the Merger.

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls
 we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or
detect fraud. Consequently
 investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting and this may decrease the trading price
of our Common Stock.

We
must maintain effective internal controls to provide reliable financial reports and detect fraud. We are in the process of evaluating
changes to internal controls for our new public company status but have not yet implemented changes. Failure to implement changes
to our internal controls or any other factors that we identify as necessary to maintain an effective system of internal controls
could harm our operating results and cause investors to lose confidence in our business
 operations or reported financial information.
Any such inability to establish effective controls or loss of confidence would have an adverse effect on our company and could
adversely affect the trading price of our Common Stock.

The
price of our Common Stock may be volatile and may be influenced by numerous factors
 some of which are beyond our control.

Factors
that could cause volatility in the market price of our Common Stock include
 but are not limited to:



    
    
actual
    or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results; 

    
    
    

    
    
actual
    or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 

    
    
    

    
    
commercial
    success and market acceptance of our products; 

    
    
    

    
    
success
    of our competitors in commercializing products; 

    
    
    

    
    
strategic
    transactions undertaken by us; 

    
    
    

    
    
additions
    or departures of key personnel; 

    
    
    

    
    
product
    liability claims; 

    
    
    

    
    
prevailing
    economic conditions; 

    
    
    

    
    
disputes
    concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 

    
    
    

    
    
U.S.
    or foreign regulatory actions affecting us or our industry; 

    
    
    

    
    
sales
    of our Common Stock by our officers
 directors or significant stockholders; 

    
    
    

    
    
future
    sales or issuances of equity or debt securities by us; 

    
    
    

    
    
business
    disruptions caused by natural disasters; and 

    
    
    

    
    
issuance
    of new or changed securities analysts&rsquo; reports or recommendations regarding us. 



    
    



In
addition
 the stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility that have been often unrelated to the operating performance
of the issuer. These broad market fluctuations may negatively impact the price or liquidity of our Common Stock. In the past
when the price of a stock has been volatile
 holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation
against the issuer. If any of our stockholders were to bring such a lawsuit against us
 we could incur substantial costs defending
the lawsuit and the attention of our management would be diverted from the operation of our business.

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our Common Stock less attractive to investors.

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act
 and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not &ldquo;emerging growth companies
&rdquo; including
not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not
previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our Common
Stock and our stock price may be more volatile.

In
addition
 Section 102 of the JOBS Act also provides that an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Act
 for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. An &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; can therefore delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. However
 we are choosing to &ldquo;opt
out&rdquo; of such extended transition period
 and as a result
 we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the
relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act
provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards
is irrevocable.

You
may experience dilution of your ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our Common Stock or
preferred stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our Common Stock or preferred stock.

If
our existing stockholders convert our Series A Stock or exercise Warrants or sell
 or indicate an intention to sell
 substantial
amounts of our Common Stock in the public market after the lock-up Restricted Period lapses
 the price of our Common Stock could
decline. The perception in the market that these sales may occur could also cause the price of our Common Stock to decline.

In
the future
 we may issue authorized but previously unissued equity securities
 resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests
of the then current stockholders. We are authorized to issue an aggregate of 100
000
000 shares of common stock and 5
000
000
shares of &ldquo;blank check&rdquo; preferred stock. We may issue additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities that
are convertible into or exercisable for our Common Stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees
 future acquisitions
future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes
 or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional
shares of our Common Stock may create downward pressure on the trading price of the common stock. We may need to raise additional
capital in the near future to meet our working capital needs
 and there can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue
additional shares
 warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with these capital raising efforts
 including
at a price (or exercise prices) below the price you paid for your stock.




    
    


There
is currently no market for our Common Stock and there can be no assurance that any market will ever develop. You may therefore
be unable to re-sell shares of our Common Stock at times and prices that you believe are appropriate.

Our
Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange
 or any other exchange
 or quoted on an over-the-counter market.
Therefore
 there is no trading market
 active or otherwise
 for our Common Stock and our Common Stock may never be included for
trading on any stock exchange
 automated quotation system or any over-the-counter market. Accordingly
 our Common Stock is highly
illiquid
 and you will likely experience difficulty in re-selling such shares at times and prices that you may desire

Our
Common Stock may be deemed a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; which may reduce the value of an investment in the stock.

Rule
15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; for the purposes relevant to us
 as any
equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject
to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer
approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written
agreement to the transaction
 setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.

In
order to approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information
and investment experience objectives of the person and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks
are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating
the risks of transactions in penny stocks.

The
broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form: (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability
determination; and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the
transaction. Generally
 brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo;
rules. If our Common Stock is or becomes subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules
 it may be more difficult for investors
to dispose of our Common Stock and cause a decline in the market value of our Common Stock.

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about commissions
payable to both the broker or dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the rights and
remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally
 monthly statements have to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks

The
sales practice requirements of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority&rsquo;s (&ldquo;FINRA&rdquo;) may limit a stockholder&rsquo;s
ability to buy and sell our Common Stock.

FINRA
has adopted rules requiring that
 in recommending an investment to a customer
 a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for
believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their
non-institutional customers
 broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer&rsquo;s financial
status
 tax status
 investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules
 FINRA has indicated its
belief that there is a high probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers.
If these FINRA requirements are applicable to us or our securities
 they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend
that at least some of their customers buy our Common Stock
 which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our
Common Stock and could have an adverse effect on the market for and price of our Common Stock.



    
    


Our
operating results for a particular period may fluctuate significantly or may fall below the expectations of investors or securities
analysts
 each of which may cause the price of our Common Stock to fluctuate or decline.

We
expect our operating results to be subject to fluctuations. Our operating results will be affected by numerous factors
 including:



    
    
variations
    in the level of expenses related to future development plans; 

    
    
    

    
    
fluctuations
    in value of the underlying commodity;

    
    
    

    
    
inability
    to procure sufficient quantities to meet demand due to the scarcity of the product available from its suppliers

    
    
    

    
    
level
    of underlying demand for our products and any other products we sell; 

    
    
    

    
    
any
    intellectual property infringement lawsuit or opposition
 interference or cancellation proceeding in which we may become involved;
    and 

    
    
    

    
    
regulatory
    developments affecting us or our competitors. 


If
our operating results for a particular period fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts
 the price of our
Common Stock could decline substantially. Furthermore
 any fluctuations in our operating results may
 in turn
 cause the price
of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. We believe that comparisons of our financial results from various reporting periods
are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance

Our
principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our Common Stock and will be able to exercise significant
influence over matters subject to stockholder approval.

As
of the date of this filing
 our executive officers
 directors and principal stockholders
 together with their respective affiliates
owned approximately 94.8% of our Common Stock
 including shares subject to outstanding options that are exercisable within 60
days after such date. Accordingly
 these stockholders will be able to exert a significant degree of influence over our management
and affairs and over matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of our board of directors and approval of
significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership could have the effect of entrenching our management and/or
the board of directors
 delaying or preventing a change in our control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting
to obtain control of us
 which in turn could have a material and adverse effect on the fair market value of our Common Stock.

The
shares of Common Stock issued in the Merger
 the Offering and the Company Settlement are &ldquo;restricted securities&rdquo; and
as such
 may not be sold except in limited circumstances. 

None
of the shares of Common Stock issued in the Merger
 the Offering and the Company Settlement have been registered under the Securities
Act or registered or qualified under any state securities laws. Such shares of Common Stock were sold and/or issued pursuant to
exemptions contained in and under those laws. Accordingly
 such shares of Common Stock are &ldquo;restricted securities&rdquo;
as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act and must
 therefore
 be held indefinitely unless registered under applicable federal
and state securities laws
 or an exemption is available from the registration requirements of those laws. The certificates representing
the shares of Common Stock issued in the Merger
 Offering and Company Settlement reflect their restricted status.




    
    


In
addition to the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares
 we have agreed to register the 15
000
000 shares of Common Stock issued
in the Merger
 750
000 shares retained by the pre-Merger shareholders and the shares issuable pursuant to the Company Settlement.
There can be no assurance
 however
 that the SEC will declare the Registration Statement effective
 thereby enabling such shares
of Common Stock to be freely tradable. In addition
 Rule 144 under the Securities Act
 which permits the resale
 subject to various
terms and conditions
 of limited amounts of restricted securities after they have been held for six months will not immediately
apply to our Common Stock because we were at one time designated as a &ldquo;shell company&rdquo; under SEC regulations. Pursuant
to Rule 144(i)
 securities issued by a current or former shell company that otherwise meet the holding period and other requirements
of Rule 144 nevertheless cannot be sold in reliance on Rule 144 until one year after the date on which the issuer filed current
&ldquo;Form 10 information&rdquo; (as defined in Rule 144(i)) with the SEC reflecting that it ceased being a shell company
 and
provided that at the time of a proposed sale pursuant to Rule 144
 the issuer has satisfied certain reporting requirements under
the Exchange Act. We believe this requirement to file Form 10 information has been satisfied by the filing of this Report on Form
8-K. Because
 as a former shell company
 the reporting requirements of Rule 144(i) will apply regardless of holding period
 the
restrictive legends on certificates for the shares of Common Stock cannot be removed except in connection with an actual sale
that is subject to an effective registration statement under
 or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act.

Because
we became a reporting company under the Exchange Act by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering
 we
may not be able to attract the attention of research analysts at major brokerage firms. 

Because
we did not become a reporting company by conducting an underwritten initial public offering of our Common Stock
 and because we
will not be listed on a national securities exchange
 securities analysts of brokerage firms may not provide coverage of our company.
In addition
 investment banks may be less likely to agree to underwrite secondary offerings on our behalf than they might if we
became a public reporting company by means of an underwritten initial public offering
 because they may be less familiar with
our company as a result of more limited coverage by analysts and the media
 and because we became public at an early stage in
our development. The failure to receive research coverage or support in the market for our shares will have an adverse effect
on our ability to develop a liquid market for our Common Stock.

Because
the Merger was a reverse merger
 the Registration Statement we file with respect to the shares of Common Stock received by investors
in the Merger might be subject to heightened scrutiny by the SEC. 

Additional
risks may exist as a result of our becoming a public reporting company through a &ldquo;reverse merger.&rdquo; Certain SEC rules
are more restrictive when applied to reverse merger companies
 such as the ability of stockholders to re-sell their shares of
Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144
 and the SEC may subject the Registration Statement we file with respect to the shares of Common
Stock received by investors in the Merger and the Offering to heightened scrutiny.





    
    


The
resale of shares covered by the Registration Statement could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock in the public
market
 should one develop
 which result would in turn negatively affect our ability to raise additional equity capital. 

The
sale
 or availability for sale
 of our Common Stock in the public market may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our
Common Stock and may impair our ability to raise additional capital by selling equity or equity-linked securities. We have agreed
at our expense
 to prepare and file the Registration Statement with the SEC registering the resale of an aggregate of 17
074
750
shares of Common Stock issued and/or issuable in connection with the Merger
 the Offering
 the Company Settlement and the shares
retained by the pre-Merger shareholders. Once effective
 the Registration Statement will permit the resale of these shares at
any time. The resale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could adversely affect the market
price for our Common Stock and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our Common Stock at times and prices that you
feel are appropriate. Furthermore
 we expect that
 because there will be a large number of shares registered pursuant to the Registration
Statement
 selling stockholders will continue to offer shares covered by such Registration Statement for a significant period
of time
 the precise duration of which cannot be predicted. Accordingly
 the adverse market and price pressures resulting from
an offering pursuant to the Registration Statement may continue for an extended period of time and continued negative pressure
on the market price of our Common Stock could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional equity capital.

Issuance
of stock to fund our operations may dilute your investment and reduce your equity interest. 

We
may need to raise capital in the future to fund the development of our seafood business. Any equity financing may have significant
dilutive effect to stockholders and a material decrease in our stockholders&rsquo; equity interest in us. Equity financing
 if
obtained
 could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. At its sole discretion
 our board of directors may
issue additional securities without seeking stockholder approval
 and we do not know when we will need additional capital or
if we do
 whether it will be available to us.

Provisions
of our charter documents or Delaware law could delay or prevent an acquisition of the Company
 even if such an acquisition would
be beneficial to our stockholders
 which could make it more difficult for you to change management. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage
 delay or prevent a merger
 acquisition or other change in control
that stockholders may consider favorable
 including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their
shares. In addition
 these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempt by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
management by making it more difficult to replace or remove our board of directors. These provisions include:



    
    
no
    cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

    
    
    

    
    
the
    exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors
    or the resignation
 death or removal of a director; 

    
    
    

    
    
a
    requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the board of directors; 

    
    
    

    
    
a
    notice provision requirement for stockholders to nominate directors;

    
    
    

    
    
a
    requirement that our directors may be removed only by a supermajority (two-thirds) vote of the stockholders; and 

    
    
    

    
    
the
    authority of our board of directors to issue preferred stock with such terms as our board of directors may determine. 




    
    


In
addition
 Delaware law prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested
stockholder
 generally a person who
 together with its affiliates
 owns
 or within the last three years has owned
 15% or more
of our voting stock
 for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder
unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Accordingly
 Delaware law may discourage
 delay or prevent
a change in control of the company. Furthermore
 our certificate of incorporation will specify that the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for most legal actions involving actions brought against us by stockholders.
We believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law by chancellors particularly
experienced in resolving corporate disputes
 efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other
forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. However
 the provision may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors and officers. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies&rsquo;
certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings
 and it is possible that
 in connection with any applicable
action brought against us
 a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation to
be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action.

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future; therefore
 capital appreciation
 if
any
 of our Common Stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future.

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our Common Stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock
in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and
growth of our business. In addition
 our current loan and security agreement with ACF contains
 and our future loan arrangements
if any
 may contain
 terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our Common Stock. As
a result
 capital appreciation
 if any
 of our Common Stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future.

We
may apply the proceeds of the Offering to uses that ultimately do not improve our operating results or increase the value of our
Common Stock.

We
intend to use the net proceeds from the Offering
 including proceeds received upon the exercise of any Warrants sold therein
for general working capital purposes. However
 we do not have more specific plans for the net proceeds from the Offering and our
management has broad discretion in how we use these proceeds. These proceeds could be applied in ways that do not improve our
operating results or otherwise increase the value of our Common Stock.


    
    



ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide
the information under this item.

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

We
lease approximately 16
800 square feet of office/warehouse space for our executive offices and distribution facility under a lease
expiring in June 2021 for $16
916 per month from John Keeler Real Estate Holding
 Inc. (&ldquo;Keeler Real Estate&rdquo;)
 a corporation
owned by each trust for each of John Keeler III
 Andrea Keeler and Sarah Keeler
 each of whom is a child of our Executive Chairman
John Keeler. The Company is a guarantor of the mortgage on the distribution facility which had a balance of approximately $1
325
189
as of October 31
 2018. We believe our current facilities are adequate for our immediate and near-term needs.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

From
time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business.
However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
to time that may harm business.

There
are no pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or in which any director
 officer or affiliate of ours
 any owner of
record or beneficially of more than 5% of any class of our voting securities
 or security holder is a party adverse to us or has
a material interest adverse to us.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.



    
    


PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market
Information

Our
Common Stock is not quoted or traded on any exchange. As soon as practicable
 and assuming we satisfy all necessary initial listing
requirements
 we intend to apply to have our Common Stock quoted on the OTC Markets. There can be no assurances that our Common
Stock will be quoted on the OTC Markets or that an active trading market will ever develop.

On
November 8
 2018
 we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the investors in the Offering. Pursuant to the terms of
the Registration Rights Agreement
 within 120 business days after the closing of the Offering
 the Company is obligated toll file
a Registration Statement with the SEC covering the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares underlying the Units purchase in the
Offering and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective and to keep
such Registration Statement effective for a period of twelve months or for such shorter period ending on the earlier to occur
of (x) the sale of all Registrable Securities and (y) the availability of Rule 144 for the sale of the Registrable Securities
without volume limitations within a 90 day period. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in the event that the SEC limits the number
of Registrable Securities that may be sold pursuant to the Registration Statement
 the Company may remove from the Registration
Statement such number of Registrable Securities as specified by the SEC on a pro-rata basis. The holders of Registrable Shares
will have &ldquo;piggyback&rdquo; registration rights for such Registrable Shares with respect to two registration statements
in accordance with the terms and the notice requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement
 subject to a SEC Cutback or a customary
cutback in an underwritten offering
 both which would be pro rata.



As
of the date of this filing
 we have 16
015
000 shares of Common Stock outstanding held by six stockholders of record.



We
have never paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in
the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements. Our Loan
and Security Agreement with ACF contains terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on
our Common Stock. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will
be dependent upon financial condition
 results of operations
 capital requirements and such other factors as the board of directors
deems relevant.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

As
of October 31
 2018
 we had no shares authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plan.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

During
the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018
 and the subsequent period through the date hereof
 we had the following issuances of unregistered
securities:

On
November 8
 2018
 pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement
 all of the shares of common stock of Blue Star were exchanged
for 15
000
000 restricted shares of Common Stock.



    
    


Concurrently
with the closing of the Merger
 we held an initial closing of our Offering of a minimum of $700
000 and a maximum of $3
200
000
of Units of our securities
 in which we sold 725 Units at a purchase price of $1
000 per Unit
 for aggregate gross proceeds of
$725
000. Each Unit consisted of one share of the Company&rsquo;s Series A Stock
 initially convertible into 500 Conversion Shares
at a conversion rate of $2.00 per share
 and (ii) a three-year Warrant to purchase 250 Warrant Shares
 at an exercise price equal
to $2.40 per share.

Concurrently
with the closing of the Merger
 we issued an aggregate of 688 Units to the Settlement Parties in connection with the Company Settlement.

On
November 8
 2018
 at the effective time of the Merger
 we adopted our 2018 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the &ldquo;2018 Plan&rdquo;).
Upon consummation of the Merger
 (a) Christopher Constable
 our Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer
 was issued a
ten-year option to purchase 3
120
000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share
 which option vests and becomes
exercisable one year from the date of issuance
 and (b) the option to purchase 104 shares of Blue Star common stock at an exercise
price of $10
000 per share held by Carlos Faria
 our President and Chief Executive Officer
 was exchanged for an immediately exercisable
ten-year option to purchase 3
120
000 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.333.

On
November 8
 2018
 upon the closing of the Merger
 80
000 shares of Common Stock were issued to The Crone Law Group
 P.C. for legal
services
 129
500 shares of Common Stock were issued to Sandstone Group Corp. and 55
500 shares were issued to Newbridge Securities
Corporation for financial advisory services
 provided to Blue Star in connection with the Merger.

These
transactions were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as not involving any public offering. None
of the securities were sold through an underwriter and
 accordingly
 there were no underwriting discounts or commissions involved.

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers



ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide
the information under this item.


    
    


ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Forward-Looking
Statements

The
following management&rsquo;s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and
the related notes thereto. The management&rsquo;s discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements
 such as statements
of our plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements. When used
 the words &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect&rdquo; and the like
 and/or future tense or conditional constructions (&ldquo;will
&rdquo;
&ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; etc.)
 or similar expressions
 identify certain of these forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
 including those under &ldquo;Risk Factors
&rdquo;
above
 that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of several factors. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
occurring after the date of this Annual Report.

Background
and Recent Developments

We
were incorporated on October 17
 2017 in the State of Delaware as a blank check company to be used as a vehicle to pursue a business
combination with an unidentified target. Since inception
 and prior to the Merger
 we only engaged in organizational efforts.

On
November 8
 2018
 we consummated a Merger pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among
the Company
 Acquisition Sub
 Blue Star
 and the Blue Star Stockholder. As a result of the Merger
 effective as of November 8
2018
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Blue Star
 and Blue Star became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

In
connection with the Merger
 the Company changed its name from &ldquo;AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.&rdquo; to &ldquo;Blue Star
Foods Corp.&rdquo; and succeeded to the business of Blue Star
 an international seafood company that imports
 packages and sells
refrigerated pasteurized crab meat
 and other premium seafood products
 including crab cakes
 finfish and wakami salad
 as its
sole line of business.

At
the Closing Date
 each of the 500 shares of Blue Star&rsquo;s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing
of the Merger was converted into 30
000 shares of our Common Stock. As a result
 an aggregate of 15
000
000 shares of our Common
Stock were issued to the Blue Star Stockholder.

Concurrently
with the closing of the Merger
 we held an initial closing of our Offering of a minimum of $700
000 and a maximum of $3
200
000
of Units of our securities
 in which we sold 725 Units at a purchase price of $1
000 per Unit
 for aggregate gross proceeds of
$725
000. Each Unit consisted of one share of the Company&rsquo;s Series A Stock
 initially convertible into Conversion Shares
of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock
 at a conversion rate of $2.00 per share
 and (ii) a three-year Warrant to purchase one-half
of one share of Common Stock for every share of Common Stock that would be received upon conversion of a share of Series A Stock
at an exercise price equal to $2.40.




    
    


On
November 8
 2018
 we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the investors in the Offering. Pursuant to the terms of
the Registration Rights Agreement
 within 120 business days after the closing of the Offering
 the Company is obligated toll file
a Registration Statement with the SEC covering the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares underlying the Units purchase in the
Offering and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective and to keep
such Registration Statement effective for a period of twelve months or for such shorter period ending on the earlier to occur
of (x) the sale of all Registrable Securities and (y) the availability of Rule 144 for the sale of the Registrable Securities
without volume limitations within a 90 day period. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in the event that the SEC limits the number
of Registrable Securities that may be sold pursuant to the Registration Statement
 the Company may remove from the Registration
Statement such number of Registrable Securities as specified by the SEC on a pro-rata basis. The holders of Registrable Shares
will have &ldquo;piggyback&rdquo; registration rights for such Registrable Shares with respect to two registration statements
in accordance with the terms and the notice requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement
 subject to a SEC Cutback or a customary
cutback in an underwritten offering
 both which would be pro rata.

Effective
upon the closing of the Merger
 we issued an aggregate of 688 Units to eleven Settlement Parties&rdquo; in consideration for each
such individual or entity entering into a Settlement Agreement with the Company in full and complete settlement and satisfaction
and release of claims such Settlement Parties may have against the Company.

In
connection with the Merger
 the Company redeemed an aggregate of 9
250
000 shares of Common Stock from the Company&rsquo;s Pre-Merger
Holders for cancellation by the Company. The Pre-Merger Holders retained an aggregate of 750
000 shares of our Common Stock after
the Merger. The shares were surrendered in consideration for the direct benefit the Pre-Merger Holders will receive in connection
with the consummation of the Merger.

This
Annual Report includes the financial statements of the Company as of and for the periods ended October 31
 2018
 without giving
effect to the Merger
 and the discussion below concerns only the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
and not the financial condition or results of operations of Blue Star
 at any date or for any period. For a discussion of financial
condition and results of operations of Blue Star
 see Item 2.01 &mdash; &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; in the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 31
 2018.

Basis
of Presentation

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). Any reference to applicable guidance is meant to refer to the authoritative United States
generally accepted accounting principles as found in the Accounting Standards Codification and ASUs of the FASB. The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. On an ongoing basis
 our management evaluates its estimates
 which
include
 but are not limited to
 estimates related to accruals
 stock-based compensation expense
 warrants to purchase securities
and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period. We base our estimates on historical experience and other
market-specific or other relevant assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ
from those estimates or assumptions.



    
    


Critical
Accounting Estimates

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We continually evaluate our estimates and judgments
 our commitments
to strategic alliance partners and the timing of the achievement of collaboration milestones. We base our estimates and judgments
on historical experience and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Materially different results
can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Besides the estimates identified above that are considered
critical
 we make many other accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements and related disclosures. All estimates
whether or not deemed critical
 affect reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 as well as disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and judgments are also based on historical experience and other factors
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Materially different results can occur as circumstances change and
additional information becomes known
 even for estimates and judgments that are not deemed critical.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed
financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.



Cash
includes cash on hand and on deposit at banking institutions as well as all highly liquid short-term investments with original
maturities of 90 days or less.

Income
Taxes

Under
ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes
&rdquo; deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the
years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established when
it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of October 31
 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s
deferred taxes were offset by a valuation allowance due to the uncertainty of the realization of net operating loss or carry forward
prior to expiration.

Loss
Per Common Share

Basic
loss per common share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. Diluted loss per common share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts
to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared
in the loss of the entity. During the year ended October 31
 2018 and the period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October
31
 2017
 there were no outstanding dilutive securities.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
carrying amounts of financial assets such as cash
 accounts payable
 and advances from related parties approximate their fair
values because of the short maturity of these instruments.


    
    


Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements

Revenue
Recognition

ASU
No. 2014-09
(&ldquo;Topic 606&rdquo;)
 became effective for us on January 1
2018. Our disclosure within the below sections to this footnote reflects our updated accounting policies that are affected by
this new standard. We applied the &ldquo;modified retrospective&rdquo; transition method for open contracts for the implementation
As sales are and have been primarily through distributors
 and we have no significant post-delivery obligations
this did not result in a material recognition of revenue on our accompanying financial statements for the cumulative impact of
applying this new standard. We made no adjustments to our previously-reported total revenues
 as those periods continue to be

 Revenue Recognition

Required
in a manner that
reasonably reflects the delivery of our goods to customers in return for expected consideration and includes the following elements:



    
    
we
    ensure we have an executed purchase order with our customers that we believe is legally enforceable;

    
    
we
    identify the &ldquo;performance obligation in the respective purchase order;

    
    
we
    determine the &ldquo;transaction price&rdquo; for each performance obligation in the respective purchase order;

    
    
we
    allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation; and

    
    
we
    recognize revenue only when we satisfy each performance obligation.


These
five elements
 as applied to each of our revenue category
 is summarized below:



    
    
Revenue
    - we sell our products to wholesalers
 distributors and retailers (i.e.
 our customers). Our wholesalers/distributors in turn
    sell our products directly to restaurants or end users as well as retail stores. Revenue from our product sales is recognized
    as when the product is taken from our warehouse via arranged freight or customer pick-up
 in return for agreed-upon consideration.
    Additionally
 the Company offers sales discounts and promotions to its customers in various forms. These incentives are accounted
    for as a reduction of revenue when they are characterized as cash consideration. Otherwise
 the incentives are expensed. Revenue
    is inclusive of shipping and handling fees and all related costs of shipping and handling related to sales to customers are
    categorized as cost of revenue.

    
    
    

    
    
Product
    Returns Allowances - We estimate expected product returns for our allowance based on our historical return rates. Returned
    product is evaluated for resale
 and may be resold.


ASC
842 Leases
 the FASB issued ASC 842 Leases which is to be effective for reporting periods beginning after
December 15
 2018. The Company has reviewed the pronouncement and believes it will not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s
financial statements.

Results
of Operations

Year
Ended October 31
 2018 Compared to the Period from October 17
 2017 (Inception) through October 31
 2017

There
is no historical financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We have incurred expenses
of $14
376 on our operations from inception through October 31
 2018. Since inception
 our only other activity consisted of the
issuance of an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of our Common Stock to our founders for cash proceeds in the aggregate amount of
$4
000. Our results of operations for the year ended October 31
 2018 are summarized below:



    
For
    the year ended 
 2018
For
    the period from October 31
 2018 (inception) through 
 2017

    
    
    

    
    
    

Costs
    and Expenses
13
989
    

Net
    loss
(13
989
    


We
have not yet generated any revenues from our operations.

During
the year ended October 31
 2018 we incurred expenses of $13
989 as compared to $387 for the and the period from October 17
 2017
(inception) through October 31
 2017. All of these costs have been general and administrative costs related to our organizational
efforts.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

Sources
of Liquidity

As
of October 31
 2018
 we had cash of $1
000
 as compared to $4
000 at October 31
 2017. As of October 31
 2018
 we had a working
capital deficit of $10
376
 as compared to working capital of $3
613 at October 31
 2017. The decrease in working capital was
attributable to our operating losses and resulting increase in accounts payable and advances from related parties.

Prior
to the Merger
 our only sources of liquidity were advances from related parties.

On
November 8
 2018
 we consummated a Merger pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among
the Company
 Acquisition Sub
 Blue Star
 and the Blue Star Stockholder. As a result of the Merger
 effective as of November 8
2018
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Blue Star
 and Blue Star became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection
with the Merger
 the Company changed its name from &ldquo;AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.&rdquo; to &ldquo;Blue Star Foods Corp.&rdquo;
and succeeded to the business of Blue Star
 an international seafood company that imports
 packages and sells refrigerated pasteurized
crab meat
 and other premium seafood products
 including crab cakes
 finfish and wakami salad
 as its sole line of business.


    
    


Following
the Merger
 our sources of liquidity will include:



    
    
Blue
    Star&rsquo;s revenues;

    
    
    

    
    
proceeds
    from our Offering of a minimum of $700
000 and a maximum of $3
200
000 of Units of our securities
 pursuant to which
 on November
    8
 2018
 we had an initial closing for aggregate gross proceeds of $725
000.

    
    
    

    
    
and
    a $14
000
000 revolving line of credit we have with ACF
 under which we had borrowed $8
079
712 as of December 28
    2018.


Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities

Net
cash used in operating activities was $11
976 for the year ended October 31
 2018
 as compared to net cash used of $0 for the
period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
 2017. The increase of $11
976 in net cash used in operations was
primarily due to increases in our net loss
 offset by an increase in accounts payable.

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities

No
cash was used in investing activities in either the year ended October 31
 2018 or the period from October 17
 2017 (inception)
through October 31
 2017.

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities

During
the years ended October 31
 2018 and the period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
 2017
 we received $9
000
and $4
000
 respectively
 from our stockholders and their affiliates.

Going
Concern

Our
management has assessed our ability to continue as a going concern due to our losses since inception and believes that our ability
is dependent on our ability to implement our business plan
 raise capital and generate revenues. As a result of the Merger on
November 8
 2018
 the merged entities generate a positive adjusted working capital
 have raised $725
000 as part of the Merger
and have a lender to provide working capital as necessary
 the management believes in the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern. See Note 4 of our financial statements.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition
 changes in our financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures
or capital resources that are material to our stockholders.

Contractual
Obligations

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under
this item.

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under
this item.




    
    


ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements are included in Item 15 of this Annual Report. See Item 15 for a list of the financial statements included
herein.

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

As
previously reported
 on November 8
 2018
 our board of directors approved the dismissal of D. Brooks and Associates CPA&rsquo;s
P.A. (&ldquo;Brooks&rdquo;) as our independent accountants
 to be effective immediately following the filing with the SEC of this
Annual Report. Brooks had previously been engaged as the principal accountant to audit our financial statements. The reason for
the dismissal of Brooks is that
 following the consummation of the Merger on November 8
 2018
 (i) the former stockholders of
Blue Star owned a significant amount of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock and (ii) our primary business became the business
previously conducted by Blue Star. The independent registered public accountant of Blue Star was the firm of MaloneBailey
 LLP
(&ldquo;Malone&rdquo;). We believe that it is in our best interest to have Malone continue to work with our business
 and we therefore
retained Malone as our new independent registered accounting firm
 to be effective immediately following the filing with the SEC
of the Annual Report. Malone is located at 9801 Westheimer Road
 Suite 1100
 Houston
 Texas 77042.

The
report of Brooks on our financial statements for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018 and the period from October 17
 2017 (inception)
through October 31
 2017 did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion
 nor was it qualified or modified as to uncertainty
audit scope or accounting principles
 except that the report was qualified as to our ability to continue as a going concern.

From
inception
 and through December 31
 2018
 there were no disagreements with Brooks on any matter of accounting principles
or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedure which
 if not resolved to the satisfaction of Brooks
would have caused it to make reference to the matter in connection with its reports.

We
have made the contents of this Current Report on Form 8-K available to Brooks and requested it to furnish us a letter addressed
to the SEC as to whether Brooks agrees or disagrees with
 or wishes to clarify our expression of
 our views
 or containing any
additional information. A copy of Brooks&rsquo; letter dated December 31
 2018 is filed herewith as Exhibit 16.1.

On
November 8
 2018
 our board of directors approved the engagement of Malone as our new independent registered public accountants
to be effective immediately following the filing with the SEC of the Form 10-K. During our two most recent fiscal years
 and the
subsequent interim periods through December 31
 2018
 we did not consult Malone regarding either: (i) the application of
accounting principles to a specific completed or contemplated transaction
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered
on our financial statements; or (ii) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation
S-K.




    
    


ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our senior management
 currently consisting of John Keeler
 our Executive
Chairman
 Carlos Faria
 our President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
 and Christopher Constable
 our
Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
 as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.

Prior
to the Merger
 we were a blank check company to be used as a vehicle to pursue a business combination with an unidentified target
and had limited operations. Immediately following the Merger
 and in connection with the preparation of this Annual Report
 we
carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management
 currently consisting of
John Keeler
 our Executive Chairman
 Carlos Faria
 our President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and
Christopher Constable
 our Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
 of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our predecessor&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures existing as of October
31
 2018. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures
 and in light of the material weaknesses found in
our internal controls over financial reporting
 John Keeler
 our Executive Chairman
 Carlos Faria
 our President and Chief Executive
Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Christopher Constable
 our Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date.

While
our new management as a result of the Merger believes that our current control environment is substantially improved
 it has not
yet conducted a formal evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting as of any period following the Merger. Since
the Merger
 our current management has initiated
 or plans to initiate
 a series of measures to address these material weaknesses.
We are working as quickly as possible to implement these initiatives.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by
or under the supervision of
 our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors
management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
Pertain
                                         to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect
                                         the transactions and dispositions of our assets;
        

    
    
Provide
                                         reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
                                         of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
                                         the United States of America and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only
                                         in accordance with authorizations of our management and board of directors; and
        

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets
    that could have a material effect on the financial statements.





    
    


Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems
no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of
internal control
 there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control
over financial reporting. However
 these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore
it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
 though not eliminate
 this risk.

Immediately
following the Merger
 our senior management
 currently consisting of John Keeler
 our Executive Chairman
 Carlos Faria
 our President
and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Christopher Constable
 our Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and
Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
 assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
existing as of October 31
 2018
 based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in
Internal Control--Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation
 we believe that
 during the period
covered by this report
 such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US
GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal
controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses.

As
a result of the foregoing
 the matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material
weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were:



    
    
our
    predecessor filer&rsquo;s lack of a functioning Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee or Nominating and Corporate Governance
    Committee;


a
lack of independent directors on our predecessor filer&rsquo;s board of directors
 resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment
and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures;



    
    
inadequate
    segregation of duties consistent with control objectives
 including lack of personnel resources and technical accounting expertise
    within the accounting function of our predecessor filer; and 

    
    
    

    
    
our
    predecessor filer&rsquo;s ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. 


Management
believes that the material weaknesses that were identified did not have an effect on our financial results. However
 management
believes that these weaknesses
 if not properly remediated
 could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements
in future periods.

Management&rsquo;s
Remediation Initiatives

At
the time of the Merger
 we appointed new members of senior management
 including a new Chief Financial Officer. In an effort to
remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls
 we plan to further initiate
the following measures:



    
    
We
    plan to appoint directors to our board of directors we deem to be &ldquo;independent&rdquo; within the definition of independence
    provided in the Marketplace Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market and the independence requirements contemplated by Rule 10A-3
    under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;

    
    
    

    
    
We
    plan to make appointments to our Compensation Committee
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Audit Committee
    including an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; as defined by applicable SEC rules
 that has the requisite financial
    sophistication as defined under the applicable Nasdaq rules and regulations;





    
    
We
    plan to create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and hire personnel resources with technical
    accounting expertise within the accounting function. 


We
are working as quickly as possible to implement these initiatives subject to the availability of required resources.

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over
financial reporting. management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the SEC that exempt smaller reporting companies from this requirement.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation we conducted
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31
 2018
 that occurred during our fourth
fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial
reporting.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION




    
    


PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors
and Executive Officers

As
of November 8
 2018
 Howard Gostfrand resigned as our Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our board of directors
 and Laura
Anthony resigned as our Chief Financial Officer and as a member of our Board of Directors. Both Mr. Gostfrand and Ms. Anthony
had served in those capacities since October 17
 2017.

Below
are the names of and certain information regarding the Company&rsquo;s current executive officers and directors:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Date
    Named to Board of Directors/as Executive Officer

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

John
    Keeler
    
    
    
Executive
    Chairman and Chairman of the Board
    
November
    8
 2018

Carlos
    Faria
    
    
    
President
    and Chief Executive Officer and a Director
    
November
    8
 2018

Christopher
    H. Constable
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer and a Director
    
November
    8
 2018

Nubar
    Herian
    
    
    
    
    
November
    8
 2018


Our
directors hold office for three-year terms and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Our officers are elected
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors.

A
majority of the authorized number of directors constitutes a quorum of our board of directors for the transaction of business.
The directors must be present at the meeting to constitute a quorum. However
 any action required or permitted to be taken by
the board of directors may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board of directors individually or collectively consent
in writing to the action.

Our
board of directors currently consists of four (4) members. Executive officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve
at its pleasure.

The
principal occupation and business experience during the past five years for our executive officers and directors is as follows:

John
 has been Executive Chairman of the Board since the effectiveness of the Merger. Mr. Keeler founded John Keeler
&amp; Co.
 d/b/a Blue Star Foods in May 1995 and served as its Executive Chairman of the Board since inception during which time
he grew the company to become one of the leading marketers of imported blue swimming crab meat in the United States. Mr. Keeler
built sales over the past 20 years to $35+ million annually through 2017. Mr. Keeler oversees procurement as well as operating
facilities in the Philippines and Indonesia. Mr. Keeler is an executive committee member of the National Fisheries Institute-Crab
Council and a founding member of the Indonesia and Philippines crab meat processors associations. Mr. Keeler received his BS in
Economics from Rutgers University in 1995 and attended Harvard Business School executive programs in supply chain management
negotiations and marketing in 2005. Mr. Keeler&rsquo;s extensive experience in the industry led to the decision to appoint him
to the board of directors.


    
    


Carlos
 has been President and Chief Executive Officer and a director since the effectiveness of the Merger. Mr. Faria was
Senior Vice President of Blue Star since December 2016. Prior thereto
 from September 2015 to November 2016
 Mr. Faria was senior
vice president of Procurement at AquaStar
 the largest division of the privately-held Red Chamber Group
 a diversified and vertically
integrated seafood company
 where he developed four new product lines of pasteurized seafood and helped build a supplier network
in Indonesia
 the Philippines
 Thailand
 Vietnam and China. From February 2012 to August 2015 Mr. Faria was vice president of
operations at Chicken of the Sea Frozen Foods
 the largest US division of the Thai Union Group
 a diversified and vertically integrated
worldwide seafood company and head of East Coast operations of Empress International
 where he was responsible for M&amp;A strategy
and the acquisition of $250 million Orion Seafood International
 Inc.
 the largest marketer of frozen lobster products in the
United States. From May 2003 to January 2012
 Mr. Faria was senior vice president of International
 Supply Chain &amp; Strategy
at John Keeler &amp; Co. where he implemented sales and operations planning process to structure growth for the company and vertically
integrated operations in Indonesia and the Philippines with multiple processing plants. Mr. Faria has also held positions in corporate
finance
 including as a deputy general manager at WestLB Group (Banque Europeenne pour l&rsquo;Amerique Latine &ndash; a West
Deutsche Landesbank subsidiary) (Caracas
 Venezuela) and as an international business analyst at Citibank
 NA (Caracas
 Venezuela).
Mr. Faria graduated from the Universidad Metropolitana (Venezuela)
 with a bachelor&rsquo;s in business administration
 majoring
in management and received training at the Harvard Business School in supply chain management. Mr. Faria&rsquo;s extensive experience
in the seafood industry led to the decision to appoint him to the board of directors.

Christopher
 has been Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary and a director since the effectiveness of the Merger.
Mr. Constable was Chief Financial Officer of Blue Star since May 2003. Mr. Constable manages the Company&rsquo;s US finance operations.
In addition
 Mr. Constable manages the finance operations of the Company&rsquo;s international affiliates
 Bacolod Blue Star Export
Corp
 Bicol Blue Star Export Corp Strike the Gold Foods
 Ltd.
 affiliated suppliers. Prior thereto
 from 1999 to 2003
 Mr. Constable
was a consultant at Gateway Capital Corp.
 a business consulting firm
 where he analyzed the financial and reporting capabilities
of prospective lending customers for lines of credit from $10 to $100 million. Additionally
 Mr. Constable was involved with loan
workouts of facilities that required either liquidation or restructuring to ensure collectability for the financial institutions.
From 1990 to 1999
 Mr. Constable was a commercial banker at Mercantile Bankshares in Baltimore
 Finova Capital Corporation and
Capital Bank
 both in south Florida. Mr. Constable received his B.S. in Finance with an Accounting Minor from the Merrick School
of Business at the University of Baltimore
 in 1989. Mr. Constable&rsquo;s experience with the Company and industry knowledge
led to the decision to appoint him to the board of directors.

Nubar
 has been a director since the effectiveness of the Merger. Since 2014
 Mr. Herian has been the chief executive
officer of Monaco Group Holdings
 a privately-held company headquartered in Miami
 Florida
 which owns and operates Monaco Foods
Inc.
 an importer
 exporter and distributor of premium gourmet foods from around the world. Since 1995
 Mr. Herian has been the
commercial director of Casa de Fruta Caracas
 a privately-held company based in Caracas
 Venezuela
 that focuses on importing
foods. Mr. Herian is also the president of Lunar Enterprises
 a holding company for his family&rsquo;s public and private equity
investments and real estate holdings. Mr. Herian received his BS in Mechanical Engineering from Florida Atlantic University in
1994 and an Executive M.B.A. from the University of Miami in 2014. Mr. Herian&rsquo;s experience in the food import industry led
to the decision to appoint him to the board of directors. There are no family relationships among our directors and executive
officers.

Other
Key Personnel

We
have no significant employees other than the officers and directors described above.

Family
Relationship

There
are no family relationships among our directors or executive officers.


    
    


Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

No
executive officer or director of ours has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following:



    
    
Any
    bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business or property of such person
 or of which such person was a general partner
    or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
    minor offenses);

    
    
    

    
    
Being
    subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
    permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities
    or banking activities;

    
    
    

    
    
Being
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
    violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated;

    
    
    

    
    
Being
    the subject of or a party to any judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree or finding
 not subsequently reversed
    suspended or vacated relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation
    or any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies
 including
 but not limited to
 a temporary
    or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist
    order
 or removal or prohibition order
 or any law or regulation prohibiting mail
 fraud
 wire fraud or fraud in connection
    with any business entity; or

    
    
    

    
    
Being
    the subject of or a party to any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory
    organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act
 any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
    the Commodity Exchange Act)
 or any equivalent exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
    over its members or persons associated with a member.


Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors
 officers and persons who own more than 10% of a registered
class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common
stock and other equity securities. Officers
 directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish
us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

We
believe that the following filings were either made late or not filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act:



    
    
On
    October 17
 2017
 Howard Gostfrand was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our board of directors.
    In connection with his appointment
 American Capital Ventures
 Inc.
 a company controlled by Mr. Gostfrand
 purchased 5
000
000
    founder&rsquo;s shares for an aggregate of $2
000
 representing 50% of the Company&rsquo;s equity ownership. No Form 3 was
    filed on Mr. Gostfrand&rsquo;s behalf.

    
    
    

    
    
On
    October 17
 2017
 Laura Anthony was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer and as a member of our board of directors. In
    connection with her appointment
 Leone Group
 LLC
 a company controlled by Ms. Anthony
 purchased 5
000
000 founder&rsquo;s
    shares for an aggregate of $2
000
 representing 50% of the Company&rsquo;s equity ownership. No Form 3 was filed on Ms. Anthony&rsquo;s
    behalf.



    
    


Code
of Ethics

We
intend to adopt a code of ethics that applies to our officers
 directors and employees
 including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer
 but have not done so to date due to our relatively small size.

Board
Committees

The
Company has no nominating
 audit or compensation committees at this time. The entire board of directors participates in the nomination
and audit oversight processes and considers executive and director compensation. The entire board of directors is involved in
such decision-making processes. Thus
 there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority
to determine issues concerning management compensation
 nominations
 and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We
are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors.

Role
of Board in Risk Oversight Process 

Risk
assessment and oversight are an integral part of our governance and management processes. Our board of directors encourages management
to promote a culture that incorporates risk management into our corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations. Management
discusses strategic and operational risks at regular management meetings and conducts strategic planning and review sessions during
the year that include a discussion and analysis of the risks facing us.

Board
Diversity 

Upon
consummation of the Merger
 the board of directors will review
 on an annual basis
 the appropriate characteristics
 skills and
experience required for the board of directors as a whole and its individual members. In evaluating the suitability of individual
candidates (both new candidates and current members)
 the board of directors
 in approving (and
 in the case of vacancies
 appointing)
such candidates
 will take into account many factors
 including the following:



    
    
personal
    and professional integrity; 

    
    
    

    
    
ethics
    and values; 

    
    
    

    
    
experience
    in the industries in which we compete; 

    
    
    

    
    
experience
    as a director or executive officer of another publicly held company; 

    
    
    

    
    
diversity
    of expertise and experience in substantive matters pertaining to our business relative to other board members; 

    
    
    

    
    
conflicts
    of interest; and 

    
    
    

    
    
practical
    business judgment. 


Shareholder
Communications

We
have not yet established a process for shareholder communications.


    
    


ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Summary
Compensation Table

No
executive compensation had been paid by the Company from inception through October 31
 2018. The Company has no employment agreement
with any of its officers and directors.

The
following table shows
 as to the named executive officers
 certain information concerning compensation:

Summary
Compensation Table



Name
    and Principal Position*
Fiscal
    Year
Salary
    ($)
Bonus
    ($)
Other
    Annual Compensation ($)
Total
    ($)

Howard
    Gostfrand (1)
    
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Laura
    Anthony (2)
    
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
On
    November 8
 2018
 Howard Gostfrand resigned as our Chief Executive Officer.

    
    
On
    November 8
 2018
 Laura Anthony resigned as our Chief Financial Officer.


Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

As
of October 31
 2018
 we had no outstanding options
 warrants or equity awards.

Compensation
of Directors

As
of October 31
 2018
 none of the Company&rsquo;s directors have been compensated for their services as directors of the Company.


    
    


ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The
following table sets forth information relating to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock at December 31
 2018
 by:



    
    
each
    person
 or group of affiliated persons
 known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock;
    

    
    
    

    
    
each
    of our directors; 

    
    
    

    
    
each
    of our named executive officers; and 

    
    
    

    
    
all
    current directors and executive officers as a group. 


The
number of shares beneficially owned by each entity
 person
 director or executive officer is determined in accordance with the
rules of the SEC
 and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such
rules
 beneficial ownership includes any shares over which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power
as well as any shares that the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31
 2018 through the exercise
of any stock option
 warrants or other rights. Except as otherwise indicated
 and subject to applicable community property laws
the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock held by such person.

The
percentage of shares beneficially owned is computed on the basis of 16
015
000 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December
31
 2018
 giving effect to the Offering and taking into account the consummation of the Merger
 the Share Surrender and
the Company Settlement. Shares of Common Stock that a person has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31
 2018
are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such rights but are not deemed
outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person
 except with respect to the percentage ownership
of all directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated below
 the address for each beneficial owner listed
in the table is c/o Blue Star Foods Corp.
 3000 NW 109th Avenue
 Miami
 Florida 33172.




Name
    and Address of Beneficial Owner
Number
    of Shares Beneficially Owned
    
                                                                                

Named
    Executive Officers and Directors
    
    

John
    Keeler
15
000
000
    

Carlos
    Faria
3
120
000
                                         
    

Christopher
    H. Constable
    
    

Nubar
    Herian
450
000 
    

All
    current directors and executive officers as a group (4 persons)
18
570
000
    








    
    
Represents
    a currently exercisable option to purchase 3
120
000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.333 per share.

    
    
Does
    not include stock options to purchase 3
120
000 shares of Common Stock issued on November 8
 2018
 which do not vest until
    one year from the date of grant.

    
    
Represents
                                         300
000 Conversion Shares and 150
000 Warrant Shares.
        



    
    


Change
in Control

Other
than with respect to the Merger
 which was consummated on November 8
 2018
 there are no existing arrangements that may result
in a change in control of the Company.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

As
of October 31
 2018
 we did not have any securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Related
Party Transactions

SEC
rules require us to disclose any transaction since the beginning of our last fiscal year
 or any currently proposed transaction
in which we are a participant and in which any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest involving
the lesser of $120
000 or one percent (1%) of the average of our total assets as of the end of last two completed fiscal years.
A related person is any executive officer
 director
 nominee for director
 or holder of 5% or more of the Company&rsquo;s Common
Stock
 or an immediate family member of any of those persons.

Related
Person Transaction Approval Policy

While
we have no written policy regarding approval of transactions between us and a related person
 our board of directors
 as matter
of appropriate corporate governance
 reviews and approves all such transactions to the extent required by applicable rules and
regulations. Generally
 management would present any related person transactions proposed to be entered into by us to the board
of directors for approval. The board of directors may approve the transaction if it is deemed to be in the best interests of our
stockholders and the Company.

The
following is a description of transactions since January 1
 2016 to which we have been a party
 in which the amount involved exceeded
or will exceed $120
000
 and in which any of our directors
 executive officers or holders of more than 5% of Blue Star&rsquo;s
pre-Merger capital stock
 or an affiliate or immediate family member thereof
 had or will have a direct or indirect material interest
other than compensation and other arrangements that are described in the section titled &ldquo;Executive Compensation.&rdquo;
The following description is historical and has not been adjusted to give effect to the Merger or the share conversion ratio pursuant
to the Merger Agreement.

From
January 2006 through May 2017
 Blue Star issued an aggregate of $2
910
000 6% demand promissory notes to John Keeler
 our Executive
Chairman. We can prepay the notes at any time first against interest due thereunder. If an event of default occurs under the notes
interest will accrue at 18% per annum and if not paid within 10 days of payment becoming due
 the holder of the note is entitled
to a late fee of 5% of the amount of payment not timely received.

John
Keeler
 our Executive Chairman
 and Christopher Constable
 our Chief Financial Officer own 75% and 20%
 respectively
 of Bacolod
an exporter of pasteurized crab meat from the Philippines.

John
Keeler
 our Executive Chairman
 and Christopher Constable
 our Chief Financial Officer own 80% and 15%
 respectively
 of Bicol
a Philippine company
 and an indirect supplier of crab meat via Bacolod to the Company.

John
Keeler
 our Executive Chairman
 and Christopher Constable
 our Chief Financial Officer own 80% and 20%
 respectively
 of Strike
the Gold Foods
 Ltd.
 a UK company
 which holds the Company&rsquo;s packaged crab meat on consignment in the United Kingdom.


    
    


We
lease approximately 16
800 square feet of office/warehouse space for our executive offices and distribution facility under a lease
expiring in June 2021 for $16
916 per month from Keeler Real Estate
 a corporation 33% owned by each trust for each of John Keeler
III
 Andrea Keeler and Sarah Keeler
 each of whom are our Executive Chairman
 John Keeler&rsquo;s children. The Company is a guarantor
of the mortgage on the distribution facility which had a balance of approximately $1
325
189 as of June 30
 2018.

From
time to time
 we may prepay Bacolod for future shipments of product which may represent two to three months of purchases. There
was no balance due for future shipments from Bacolod as of December 31
 2017 and there was $982
000 due as of December
31
 2016.

A
company owned by the parents of John Keeler
 our Executive Chairman
 is a party to the Settlement Agreement and was issued 40
Units on November 8
 2018 in connection with the Company Settlement.

John
Keeler
 our Executive Chairman
 is a party to an Unconditional and Continuing Guaranty
 dated August 31
 2016
 with ACF
 pursuant
to which Mr. Keeler is guarantor of the Company&rsquo;s obligations under our Loan and Security Agreement with ACF.

On
March 31
 2018
 we issued options to purchase 104 shares of common stock of Blue Star with an exercise price of $10
000 per share
to Carlos Faria
 our President and Chief Executive Officer
 for services provided to Blue Star. Upon the closing of the Merger
such options were converted into ten-year immediately exercisable options to purchase an aggregate of 3
120
000 shares of Common
Stock at an exercise price of $0.333 under the 2018 Plan


On
November 8
 2018
 we issued Christopher Constable
 our Chief Financial Officer
 a ten-year option under the 2018 Plan to purchase
3
120
000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.00 which vest one-year from the date of grant.

On
November 8
 2018
 we issued 600 Units in the Offering to Nubar Herian
 a director of our company
 for $600
000.

Director
Independence

We
are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system that has
requirements that a majority of the board of directors be &ldquo;independent.&rdquo; Our board of directors currently has four
members
 John Keeler
 Carlos Faria
 Christopher Constable and Nubar Herian. Mr. Keeler serves as our Chairman. Mr. Keeler
 Mr.
Faria and Mr. Constable are not &ldquo;independent&rdquo; within the definition of independence provided in the Marketplace Rules
of The Nasdaq Stock Market and the independence requirements contemplated by Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
We have not yet assessed whether Mr. Herian qualifies as independent.


    
    


ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Audit
Fees

The
aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountants
 D. Brooks and Associates CPAs
 P.A. (&ldquo;Brooks&rdquo;)
 for professional
services rendered during the years ended October 31
 2018 and the period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
2017 are set forth in the table below:



Fee
    Category
Year
                                         ended
October
                                         31
 2018
Year
                                         ended
October
                                         31
 2017

    
    
    

Audit
    fees (1)
13
540
2
500

Audit-related
    fees (2)
    
    

Tax
    fees (3)
    
    

All
    other fees (4)
    
    

Total
    fees
13
540
2
500







(1)
    
Audit
    fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of financial statements
 for reviews of our
    interim consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and for services that are normally
    provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements.

    
    

(2)
    
Audit-related
    fees consist of fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
    of our financial statements but are not reported under &ldquo;Audit fees.&rdquo;

    
    

(3)
    
Tax
    fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance
 tax planning
 and tax advice.

    
    

(4)
    
All
    other fees consist of fees billed for services not associated with audit or tax.


Audit
Committee&rsquo;s Pre-Approval Practice

Prior
to our engagement of our independent auditor
 such engagement was approved by our board of directors. The services provided under
this engagement may include audit services
 audit-related services
 tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally
provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally
subject to a specific budget. Pursuant our requirements
 the independent auditors and management are required to report to our
board of directors at least quarterly regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with
this pre-approval
 and the fees for the services performed to date. Our board of directors may also pre-approve particular services
on a case-by-case basis. All audit-related fees
 tax fees and other fees incurred by us for the years ended October 31
 2018 and
2017 were approved by our board of directors.



    
    


PART
IV

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

Financial
Statements

See
Index to Financial Statements immediately following the signature page of this Annual Report.

Financial
Statement Schedules

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable
 or the required information is shown in the financial
statements or notes thereto.



In
reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report
 please remember that they are included to provide you with
information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company
or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the
applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the applicable
agreement and:



    
    
should
    not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact
 but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the
    parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate;

    
    
    

    
    
have
    been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement
    which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement;

    
    
    

    
    
may
    apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and

    
    
    

    
    
were
    made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and
    are subject to more recent developments.


Accordingly
these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other
time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this Annual Report and the Company&rsquo;s other public
filings
 which are available without charge through the SEC&rsquo;s website at http://www.sec.gov.



    
    



INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

BLUE
STAR FOODS CORP.
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Table
of Contents



    
    

    
    

Audited
    Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended October 31
 2018 and for the period from October 17
 2017 (inception)
    through October 31
 2017
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Balance Sheets as of October 31


    

    
    

Statements of Operations for the year ended October 31

 2017 (inception) through October 31
 
    

    
    

Statement of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficiency) for the year ended October 31

 2017 (inception) through October 31
 
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended October 31

 2017 (inception) through October 31
 
    

    
    

    
F-6&nbsp;-
    F- 12



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Blue Star Foods Corp. (f/k/a AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Blue Star Foods Corp. (f/k/a AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.) (the Company) as of
October 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the year ended
October 31
 2018 and period from October 17
 2017 (inception) to October 31
 2017
 and the related&nbsp;financial statement footnotes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements).

In
our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of October
31
 2018 and 2017 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended October 31
 2018 and the period from
October 17
 2017 (inception) to October 31
 2017 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

D.
Brooks and Associates CPA&rsquo;s
 P.A.

We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2017.
Palm
Beach Gardens
 Florida
December
21
 2018



    
    



(Formerly AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)

As of October 31




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
024
4
000

    
    
    

    
1
024
4
000

    
    
    

    
1
024
4
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
400
    

    
9
000
    

    
    
    

    
11
400
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


000
000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding
    
    

Common stock $0.0001
par value: 10
000
000 shares authorized; 10
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at October 31
 2018 and October 31
 2017
1
000
1
000

    
3
000
3
000

    
(14
376
    

    
    
    

    
(10
376
3
613

    
    
    

    
1
024
4
000


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    



(Formerly AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)




    
    
 October 31
 2018
    

 2017
                                                                                
                                                                                

 2017

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
989
    

    
    
    

    
(13
989
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(13
989
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
000
000
10
000
000


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    



(Formerly AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)

For the Year Ended October 31
for the Period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
 2017



    
    
    
    
    
 Stockholders&rsquo;

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017
10
000
000
1
000
3
000
    
3
613

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(13
989
(13
989

    
    
    
    
    
    


 October 31
 2018
10
000
000
1
000
3
000
(14
376
(10
376





    
    



(Formerly AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)




    
 October 31
 2018
    

 2017
                                                                                
                                                                                

 2017

    
    
    

    
(13
989
    

    
    
    

    
2
013
    

    
(11
976
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
4
000

    
9
000
    

    
9
000
4
000

    
    
    

    
(2
976
4
000

    
    
    

    
4
000
    

    
    
    

    
1
024
4
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


BLUE
STAR FOODS CORP.
(Formerly
AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)
Notes
to the Financial Statements
Year
Ended October 31
 2018 and
for
the Period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
 2017

NOTE
1 &ndash; ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS

Blue
Star Foods Corp.
 formerly known as AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was incorporated in the State of
Delaware on October 17
 2017 and established a fiscal year end of October 31. The Company was formed to engage in any lawful businesses
and to seek and engage in an as of then
 unidentified merger or acquisition to provide a method for a foreign or domestic private
company to become a reporting company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.&nbsp;The
Company completed a merger (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;) on November 8
 2018 in a transaction which was treated as a recapitalization
and reverse acquisition of the Company for financial accounting purposes. (See Note 7). The Company&rsquo;s activities since formation
other than those related to the Merger
 have been limited to issuing shares to its founding shareholders and setting up its corporate
entity. Following the Merger
 the Company discontinued its prior activities of seeking a business for a merger or acquisition
and acquired the business of Blue Star
 as such term is defined in Note 7 below
 which is an international seafood company that
processes
 packages and sells refrigerated pasteurized blue and red crab meat
 and other premium seafood products.&nbsp;On November
5
 2018
 the Company changed its name from AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc. to Blue Star Foods Corp. and on November 8
 2018
 the
Company changed its fiscal year from a fiscal year ending October 31 to a fiscal year ending on December 31 of each year&nbsp;(See
Note 7).

NOTE
2 &ndash; BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;) regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The financial
statements and accompanying notes are the representations of the Company&rsquo;s management
 who are responsible for their integrity
and objectivity. The Company has not earned any revenue from operations since inception.

USE
OF ESTIMATES

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed
financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.



Cash
includes cash on hand and on deposit at banking institutions.

INCOME
TAXES

Under
ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes
&rdquo; deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the
years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established when
it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of October 31
 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s
deferred tax assets are offset by a valuation allowance due to the uncertainty of the realization of net operating loss or carry
forward prior to expiration.



    
    


BLUE
STAR FOODS CORP.
(Formerly
AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)
Notes
to the Financial Statements
Year
Ended October 31
 2018 and
for
the Period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
 2017

LOSS
PER COMMON SHARE

Basic
loss per common share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. Diluted loss per common share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts
to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared
in the loss of the entity. During the year ended October 31
 2018 and the period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October
31
 2017
 there were no outstanding potentially dilutive securities.

FAIR
VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The
carrying amounts of financial assets such as cash
 accounts payable and advances from related parties
 approximate their fair
values because of the short maturity of these instruments.

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

ASU
No. 2014-09
(&ldquo;Topic 606&rdquo;)
 in connection with the Merger that occurred
November 8
 2018 (See Note 7)
 Topic 606 became effective for us on January 1
 2018. The Company had no revenues prior to the
Merger. Our disclosure within the below sections to this footnote reflects our updated accounting policies that are affected by
this new standard. We applied the &ldquo;modified retrospective&rdquo; transition method for open contracts for the implementation
As sales are and have been primarily through distributors
 and we have no significant post delivery obligations
this did not result in a material recognition of revenue on our accompanying financial statements for the cumulative impact of
applying this new standard. We made no adjustments to our previously-reported total revenues
 as those periods continue to be

 Revenue Recognition

Required
in a manner that
reasonably reflects the delivery of our goods to customers in return for expected consideration and includes the following elements:



    
we
    ensure we have an executed purchase order with our customers that we believe is legally enforceable;

    
we
    identify the &ldquo;performance obligation in the respective purchase order;

    
we
    determine the &ldquo;transaction price&rdquo; for each performance obligation in the&nbsp;respective purchase order;

    
we
    allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation; and

    
we
    recognize revenue only when we satisfy each performance obligation.


These
five elements
 as applied to each of our revenue categories
 is summarized below:



    
Revenue
    - we sell our products to wholesalers
 distributors and retailers (i.e.
 our customers). Our wholesalers/distributors in turn
    sell our products directly to restaurants or end users as well as retail stores. Revenue from our product sales is recognized
    when the product is taken from our warehouse via arranged freight or customer pick-up
 in return for agreed-upon consideration.&nbsp;Additionally
    the Company offers sales discounts and promotions to its customers in various forms. These incentives are accounted for as
    a reduction of revenue when they are characterized as cash consideration. Otherwise
 the incentives are expensed. Revenue
    is inclusive of shipping and handling fees and all related costs of shipping and handling related to sales to customers are
    categorized as cost of revenue.&nbsp;

    
    

    
Product
    Returns Allowances - We estimate expected product returns for our allowance based on our historical return rates. Returned
    product is evaluated for resale
 and may be resold.


ASC
842 Leases
 the FASB issued ASC 842 Leases which is to be effective for reporting periods beginning after
December 15
 2018. The Company has reviewed the pronouncement and believes it will not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s
financial position
 operations or cash flows.

NOTE
3 &ndash; STOCKHOLDER&rsquo;S EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)

Effective
October 17
 2017
 the Company issued a total of Ten Million (10
000
000) shares of $0.0001 par value common stock to entities
owned and controlled by the Company&rsquo;s two officers and directors. The shares were issued for $0.0004 per share for a total
of Four Thousand Dollars ($4
000). The Company is authorized to issue 100
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001 and
5
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001. As of October 31
 2018
 there were 10
000
000 shares of common stock and
no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.

NOTE
4 &ndash; LIQUIDITY 



November 8
 2018
 raised $725
000 as part of the merger
 and have access to a revolving line of credit to provide working capital
as necessary
 management believes the Company has the necessary cash flow to meet its financial obligation as they become
due through December 2019. As of December 28
 2018 the revolving line of credit had an outstanding balance of $8
079
712.
The Company will continue to rely on the working capital provided by its Lender and continue to solicit ongoing working
capital by the sale of its stock as necessary. See Note 7 Subsequent Events.



    
    


BLUE
STAR FOODS CORP.
(Formerly
AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)
Notes
to the Financial Statements
Year
Ended October 31
 2018 and
for
the Period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
 2017

NOTE
5 &ndash; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

As
of October 31
 2018
 entities owned and controlled by the Company&rsquo;s former sole officers and directors have provided the
Company with its only cash for operations.

That
is
 entities
 owned and controlled by the Company&rsquo;s former sole officers and directors purchased a total of 10
000
000 shares
of common stock for a total of $4
000 on October 17
 2017.

Further
during the year ended October 31
 2018
 entities owned and controlled by the Company&rsquo;s former sole officers and directors
have loaned the Company funds totaling $9
000. The advances are not interest bearing and due on demand.&nbsp;As of November 8
2018
 these advances were converted to equity.

The
Company previously used the office address of a former officer and director
 without charge. The same former officer previously
also provided legal services to the Company as of October 17
 2017
 through November 8
 2018
 without charge.

NOTE
6 &ndash; INCOME TAXES

The
Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences
of temporary differences by applying enacted statutory rates to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and
tax bases of existing assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax
laws and rates on the date of enactment. The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets
 when required
 based
on evaluation of the realizability of such deferred tax assets.

The
tax effects of the significant temporary differences representing deferred assets&nbsp;as of the year ended October 31
 2018 and
for the period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
 2017:



    

 2018

 2017

    
3
497
    

    
(3
497
    

    
    
    


As
of October 31
 2018
 the Company had net operating losses of approximately $13
989 available to offset future taxable income
subject to annual limitations.&nbsp;As of October 31
 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s deferred tax asset is offset by a valuation allowance
due to the uncertainty of the realization of net operating loss or carry forward prior to expiration.

NOTE
7 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Name
Change

On
November 5
 2018
 the Company changed its name from AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc. to Blue Star Foods Corp. effective on November
5
 2018.


    
    


BLUE
STAR FOODS CORP.
(Formerly
AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)
Notes
to the Financial Statements
Year
Ended October 31
 2018 and
for
the Period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
 2017

Series
A Preferred Stock

On
November 5
 2018
 the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
to designate the 8% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;) as a series of preferred
stock of the Company.&nbsp;10
000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are authorized
 with a par value of $0.0001 per share. The
Series A Preferred Stock has no maturity
 is not subject to any sinking fund or redemption
 and will remain outstanding indefinitely
unless and until converted by the holder or the Company decides to redeem or otherwise repurchase the Series A Preferred Stock.
The Company is not required to redeem
 purchase or set aside funds to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock.

The
Series A Preferred Stock ranks
 with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and/or the distribution of assets in the event
of any liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 (i) senior to all classes or series of the common stock
 par value
$0.0001 per share
 of the Company (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 and to all other equity securities issued by the Company
 other
than equity securities referred to in clauses (ii) and (iii) below; (ii) on parity with all equity securities issued by the Company
with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock; (iii) junior
to all equity securities issued by the Company with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the
Series A Preferred Stock; and (iv) effectively junior to all existing and future indebtedness and liabilities of the Company.&nbsp;Cumulative
dividends will accrue on each share of Series A Preferred Stock
 at the rate of 8% of the purchase price (which purchase price
will be $1
000 per share) per year. The dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock is payable quarterly
 when and if declared by
the board of directors
 beginning on September 30
 2018 and thereafter on December 31
 March 31 and June 30 of each calendar year.
The dividends are to be paid in shares of Common Stock with such shares being valued at the volume weighted average price of the
common stock on the trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted or the fair market value of a share of Common
Stock as determined by an independent appraiser if it is not so listed or quoted.

In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 the holders of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the assets the Company
 subject to the preferential rights of the holders
of any class or series of capital stock of the Company it may issue ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock
 a liquidation
preference of the Purchase Price
 before any distribution of assets is made to holders of Common Stock or any other class or series
of capital stock of the Company that it may issue that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights.
The liquidation preference will be proportionately adjusted in the event of a stock split
 stock combination or similar event.

Each
share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible
 at any time and in the sole discretion of the holder thereof
 into shares of
Common Stock at a conversion rate of 500 shares of Common Stock per each share of Series A Preferred Stock
 which conversion rate
is subject to customary adjustments for dividends or distributions on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock
 or splits
or combinations relating to the Common Stock.


    
    


BLUE
STAR FOODS CORP.
(Formerly
AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)
Notes
to the Financial Statements
Year
Ended October 31
 2018 and
for
the Period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
 2017

Upon
any merger
 share exchange or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation or entity; the sale
 lease
 exchange
 mortgage
pledge
 transfer or other disposition or encumbrance
 whether in one transaction or a series of transactions
 by the Company of
all or substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets; or any agreement
 contract or other arrangement providing for any of the
foregoing transactions (other than the Merger
 as such term is defined below)
 each share of Series A Preferred Stock will remain
outstanding and will be convertible into the kind and amount of securities or other property as the Common Stock is converted

except as discussed below or as otherwise required by law. So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding
may not
 without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at
least two-thirds of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock outstanding at the time (voting together as a class with all other
may issue upon which similar voting
rights have been conferred and are exercisable)
 (i) authorize or create
 or increase the authorized or issued amount of
 any
class or series of capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution
of assets upon liquidation


 or create
 authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into
or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares; or (ii) amend
 alter
 repeal or replace the Certificate of Incorporation
so as to materially and adversely affect and deprive holders of Series A Preferred Stock. On each matter on which holders of Series
A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote
 each share of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote.



On
November 8
 2018 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;)
 the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
(the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;)
 with John Keeler &amp; Co.
 Inc.
 d/b/a Blue Star Foods
 a privately held Florida corporation
(&ldquo;Blue Star&rdquo;)
 Blue Star Acquisition Corp.
 a newly formed
 wholly-owned Florida subsidiary of the Company (&ldquo;Acquisition
Sub&rdquo;)
 and John Keeler
 Blue Star&rsquo;s sole stockholder (the &ldquo;Blue Star Stockholder&rdquo;). Pursuant to the terms
of the Merger Agreement
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Blue Star
 which was the surviving corporation and thus became the
Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;).&nbsp;Following the Merger
 the Company discontinued its prior
activities of seeking a business for a merger or acquisition and acquired the business of Blue Star
 which is an international
seafood company that processes
 packages and sells refrigerated pasteurized blue and red crab meat
 and other premium seafood
products.

At
the Closing Date
 each of the 500 shares of Blue Star&rsquo;s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing
of the Merger was converted into 30
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common
Stock&rdquo;). As a result
 an aggregate of 15
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock were issued to the Blue Star
Stockholder. At the effective time of the Merger
 the Company redeemed 9
250
000 shares of Common Stock from the pre-Merger stockholders
of the Company (the &ldquo;Pre-Merger Holders&rdquo;)
 which retained an aggregate of 750
000 shares of Common Stock.

The
Merger was treated as a recapitalization and reverse acquisition of the Company for financial accounting purposes. Blue Star is
considered the acquirer for accounting purposes
 and the Company&rsquo;s historical financial statements before the Merger will
be replaced with the historical financial statements of Blue Star before the Merger in future filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.&nbsp;The Merger is intended to be treated as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended.


    
    


BLUE
STAR FOODS CORP.
(Formerly
AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)
Notes
to the Financial Statements
Year
Ended October 31
 2018 and
for
the Period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
 2017

As
discussed above
 on November 8
 2018
 pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement
 all of the shares of common stock of Blue
Star were exchanged for 15
000
000 restricted shares of Common Stock. On November 8
 2018
 Christopher Constable
 the current
Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 was issued a ten-year option to purchase 3
120
000 shares of Common Stock
 which option
vests and becomes exercisable one year from the date of issuance. On November 8
 2018
 upon the closing of the Merger
 80
000
shares of Common Stock were issued to The Crone Law Group
 P.C. for legal services
 129
500 shares of Common Stock were issued
to Sandstone Group Corp. and 55
500 shares were issued to Newbridge Securities Corporation for financial advisory services provided
to Blue Star in connection with the Merger.

Equity
Issuances

Concurrently
with the closing of the Merger
 the Company held an initial closing of its private placement offering (the &ldquo;Offering&rdquo;)
of a minimum of $700
000 and a maximum of $3
200
000 of units of the Company&rsquo;s securities (the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;)
 in
which the Company sold 725 Units at a purchase price of $1
000 per Unit.&nbsp;Each Unit consisted of one share of the Company&rsquo;s
8% Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share (the &ldquo;Series A Stock&rdquo;)
 initially convertible
into shares (the &ldquo;Conversion Shares&rdquo;) of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock
 at a conversion rate of $2.00 per share
(the &ldquo;Conversion Rate&rdquo;) and (ii) a three-year warrant (the &ldquo;Warrant&rdquo;) to purchase one-half of one share
of Common Stock for every share of Common Stock that would be received upon conversion of a share of Series A Stock (the &ldquo;Warrant
Shares&rdquo;)
 at an exercise price equal to $2.40.&nbsp;The aggregate gross proceeds from the Offering were $725
000.&nbsp;The
closing of the Offering and the closing of the Merger were conditioned upon each other and both closed on November 8
 2018.

On
November 8
 2018
 we entered into a registration rights agreement (the &ldquo;Registration Rights Agreement&rdquo;) with the investors
in the Offering. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement
 within 120 business days after the closing of the
Offering
 the Company is obligated toll file a registration statement (the &ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;) with the SEC
covering the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares (collectively
 the &ldquo;Registrable Shares&rdquo;) and use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective and to keep such Registration Statement effective
for a period of twelve months or for such shorter period ending on the earlier to occur of (x) the sale of all Registrable Securities
and (y) the availability of Rule 144 for the sale of the Registrable Securities without volume limitations within a 90 day period.
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in the event that the SEC limits the number of Registrable Securities that may be sold pursuant
to the Registration Statement
 the Company may remove from the Registration Statement such number of Registrable Securities as
specified by the SEC on a pro-rata basis (the &ldquo;SEC Cutback&rdquo;).&nbsp;The holders of Registrable Shares will have &ldquo;piggyback&rdquo;
registration rights for such Registrable Shares with respect to two registration statements in accordance with the terms and the
notice requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement
 subject to a SEC Cutback or a customary cutback in an underwritten offering
both which would be pro rata.

Settlement
Agreement

Effective
upon the closing of the Merger
 the Company issued an aggregate of 688 Units to eleven &ldquo;accredited investors&rdquo; (the
&ldquo;Settlement Parties&rdquo;) for each such individual or entity entering into a settlement and mutual general release agreement
(the &ldquo;Settlement Agreement&rdquo;) with the Company in full and complete settlement and satisfaction and release of claims
such Settlement Parties may have against the Company (the &ldquo;Company Settlement&rdquo;).


    
    


BLUE
STAR FOODS CORP.
(Formerly
AG Acquisition Group II
 Inc.)
Notes
to the Financial Statements
Year
Ended October 31
 2018 and
for
the Period from October 17
 2017 (inception) through October 31
 2017

Change
to the Board of Directors and Executive Officers

On
the Closing Date of the Merger
 Laura Anthony and Howard Gostfrand
 the then-current directors and Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 respectively
 resigned from all such positions as directors and officers of the Company
and were replaced by new officers and directors.&nbsp;Immediately following the closing of the Merger
 the Company&rsquo;s board
of directors was reconstituted to consist of John Keeler
 Carlos Faria
 Christopher Constable and Nubar Herian
 with John Keeler
being the Executive Chairman of the Board. Following the Merger
 the Company&rsquo;s officers consisted of the officers of Blue
Star immediately prior to the Merger
 with Carlos Faria being the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company and Christopher
Constable being the Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary of the Company.&nbsp;

Redemption
from Pre-Merger Holders

In
connection with the Merger
 the Company redeemed an aggregate of 9
250
000 shares of Common Stock from the Company&rsquo;s pre-Merger
stockholders (the &ldquo;Pre-Merger Holders&rdquo;) for cancellation by the Company.&nbsp;The Pre-Merger Holders retained an aggregate
of 750
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock after the Merger
 representing a value of $1
500
000 million.&nbsp;The shares
were surrendered in consideration for the direct benefit the Pre-Merger Holders will receive in connection with the consummation
of the Merger

Change
in Fiscal Year

On
November 8
 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s board of directors approved a change in the Company&rsquo;s fiscal year from a fiscal year
ending October 31 to a fiscal year ending on December 31 of each year
 which is the fiscal year of Blue Star. The Company&rsquo;s
2018 fiscal year will end on December 31
 2018.

2018
Equity Incentive Award Plan

In
connection with the Merger
 the Company adopted the 2018 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the &ldquo;2018 Plan&rdquo;)
 which was
effective immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger. The principal purpose of the 2018 Plan is to attract
 retain and
motivate selected employees
 consultants and non-employee directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and
cash-based performance bonus awards. 7
500
000 shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan as future
incentive awards to executive officers
 employees
 consultants and directors.&nbsp;Upon the closing of the Merger
 (i) options
to purchase an aggregate of 104 shares of Blue Star&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $10
000 per share
 which were
outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger
 were converted into ten-year immediately exercisable options to purchase
an aggregate of 3
120
000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.333 under the 2018 Plan
 and (ii) ten-year options
to purchase 3
120
000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.00
 which vest one-year from the date of grant
 were issued
under the 2018 Plan.

Revolving
Line of Credit

In
connection with Merger that occurred on November 8
 2018
 the Company became the borrower on a $14
000
000 revolving line of credit
with ACF. As of December 28
 2018
 the Company had $8
078
712 in outstanding debt to ACF. Borrowings under our loan
and security agreement with ACF are secured by substantially all of our personal property
 including our intellectual property.

Pro
forma results of operations (Unaudited)

Following
are the supplemental consolidated results of operations of Blue Star Foods Corp. on an unaudited pro forma basis
 as if the acquisition
had been consummated on November 1
 2017.&nbsp;We have not presented pro-forma results of operations for the period October 17
2017 to October 31
 2017 as they are not material to the consolidated results of operations
 either individually or in aggregate.



(in
    thousands)
    

As
    of October 31

    

    
    

    
    

Current
    Assets
11
897

Total
    Assets
12
260

    
    

Current
    Liabilities
12
880

Total
    Liabilities
12
883

Stockholder
    Deficit
    

Total
    Liabilities and Stockholder Deficit
12
260





 except earnings per share)
    



    

    
    

    
    

    
32
102

    
(5
042

    
    

    
    



    
    


The
following exhibits are included as part of this Annual Report:

EXHIBIT
INDEX



Exhibit
    
No.
    
    
        
        
        
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated as of November 8
 2018
 by and among the Company
 Blue Star
 Acquisition Sub and John Keeler (1)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Certificate of Amendment
 dated November 5
 2018 (3)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Loan and Security Agreement
 dated August 31
 2016 between the Company and ACF (1)

    
    
    
    
First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement and Reservation of Rights
 dated November 18
 2016
 between the Company and ACF (1)

    
    
    
    
Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement
 dated June 19
 2017
 between the Company and ACF (1)

    
    
    
    
Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement
 dated October 16
 2017
 between the Company and ACF (1)

    
    
    
    
Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement
 dated September 19
 2018
 between the Company and ACF (1)

    
    
    
    
Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement
 dated November 8
 2018
 between the Company and ACF (1)

    
    
    
    
$14
000
000 Revolving Credit Note
 dated August 31
 2016 between the Company and ACF (1)

    
    
    
    
Patent Security Agreement
 dated August 31
 2016
 between Blue Star and ACF FINCO LP (1)

    
    
    
    
Lease Agreement
 dated May 1
 2001
 between Blue Star and John Keeler Real Estate Holdings
 Inc. (1)

    
    
    
    
Master Software Development Agreement
 dated February 6
 2017 between the Company and Claritus Management Pvt. Ltd. (1)

    
    
    
    
$500
000 Demand Note
 dated January 4
 2006 from Blue Star in favor of John Keeler and Maria Keeler (1)

    
    
    
    
$300
000 Demand Note
 dated March 22
 2006 from Blue Star in favor of John Keeler and Maria Keeler (1)

    
    
    
    
$200
000 Demand Note
 dated March 31
 2006 from Blue Star in favor of John Keeler and Maria Keeler (1)

    
    
    
    
$100
000 Demand Note
 dated November 21
 2007
 from Blue Star in favor of John Keeler (1)



    
    




    
    
    
    
$516
833.83 Demand Note
 dated July 31
 2013 from Blue Star in favor of John Keeler (1)

    
    
    
    
$500
000 Demand Note
 dated May 30
 2017 from Blue Star in favor of John Keeler (1)

    
    
    
    
Letter from D. Brooks and Associates CPA&rsquo;s
 P.A. to the SEC
 dated December 31
 2018 (4)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (5)

    
    
    
    
Certification of Principal Financial and accounting Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (5)

    
    
    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (5)

    
    
    
    
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (5)

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document (5)

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (5)

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (5)

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (5)

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (5)

    
    
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (5)







    
Filed
    with the SEC on November 14
 2018
 as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
    to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated November 8
 2018
 which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.

    
    

    
Filed
    with the SEC on May 17
 2018
 as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
    to the Company&rsquo;s Form 10/A
 which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.

    
    

    
Filed
    with the SEC on November 9
 2018
 as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form
    8-K
 dated November 5
 2018
 which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.

    
    

    
Filed
    with the SEC on December 31
 2018
 as an exhibit
 numbered as indicated above
 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated November 8
 2018
 which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.

    
    

    
Filed
    herewith.

    
    

    
Management
    contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the registrant has duly caused
this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
BLUE
    STAR FOODS CORP. 

    
    
    

Dated:
    December 31
 2018
    
    

    
    
Carlos
    Faria

    
Title:
    
President
        and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal
        Executive Officer)

    
    
    

Dated:
    December 31
 2018
    
Christopher
    Constable

    
    
Christopher
    Constable

    
Title:
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer

    
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting&nbsp;Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this Annual Report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
December
        31
 2018

John
    Keeler
    
Executive
    Chairman and Chairman of the Board of Directors
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
December
    31
 2018

Carlos
    Faria
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Director
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
December
    31
 2018

Christopher
    Constable
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and Director
    
    



    
    











begin 644 image_001.jpg


;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#W^DR*SCJ4
M(U%;



^GWD\SNNL
M74$9/RI#%%P/3+(V:U** *-I8M9ER;RYN&?&3
P/3TP !^50S:'93S/-+]J9
MF.2/M4NW_OG=C]*U** *5GIUK8;_ +-%L+XW?

MDL[Q DD^^*U** *-KI=E8

MS_WS6O10!3LY;N:-OM5MY#@XP'#J1Z@X!_

F4D_[Y



M!! $?G6I0!0M--M-/CD2RA6V60YVQ+M4''4+T'Y55^RZW!CRM0M[I1VN8K








I\U/G ;.UQPP


M*%HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHJ*218D




MBBBK **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** IK92]SJKEBXP!]:A

#4U/A8D&JR^?K%]-MQYD[L1]6)JG7J7Q(^%NIZ






6^WZ%?PJ.LGD%D_[Z (_6OL\4A -=]+-
M*\=[

7/PI\#WH)


&O6]5^%^B6'ATZ




end







begin 644 image_002.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !# +@# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#WZBBB@ HH



MLHA
4/\ OO\ */YY_OBP]:Z#6O'/B?Q%8BRU?6;F[M@X?RY
;AT/ ]S7/4
M ?2_[.NNB[\*W^C2/^\L9_



M110 4444 %%%% 'EVN_&JPT/Q-?Z$-!U*\N+-]KM;[6!X!SCKCFK/AKXRZ+K

VT <AI'CVTUCQW
MJGA2*SGCN=/4L\S


+DXR?;FN5^(EYJ
M6G_M Z5=:18?;[^.T0Q6Q;;YAPX(S]
G\*[;1_&/Q%O-8L[;4? JVEG)*JS7






M5:TT :+XA(WWL66/FC=R1GIACR
#&:R_CJ?^)YX)_PO\_\ H4= '9^OB)'

:Q.(V*LT05@#^
M%:_P=\2GQ#\-HX97W76G*UK+D\[0


X^8D


ATBPTLAHH%;+


MIHUE\(::L98!B)!P
\_\M*]:HH 0=!7B?[1FO?9O#^G:%&^'NY3/*/\ 83I_



M#(X[Z[V7VLXYG9?DA]HP?_0CS]*](% 'PGK6A:EX?U.73M4M)+:ZC/*..H]0



?%*16^H:@I1+:(@

KD$YX
#/$7@'XGSR

end







begin 644 image_004.jpg





MY)Y=K:Q/-


F*RK@/D)(-P&
MP




CJ-RG!
MXR


CDG C))8B-3N*[L





  N]
U'4KS5F\336

M)K&10P+J=I489B^\E6 VXY-



4;
%:**0*K*SX5


MT9&+

8VX&
8P


MJ%I8P

MOP?_ -#7H?\ X


TZ_\=^$;_0YK[4KJPT^1M=NY%98



\1Z-\0_BKI-UHSSW-CH&GW$_VQ(W1#/.5
MC$3!T&/D#




@GNW&(X4WM'


95F%




$5NZO$\9

X8*JE!@8 ]3TGXGWT.C6

MH/H*N:-XY2#3DL-.\ ^


[2



M_4NJC+$@ '25S_CO_DGGB7_L%77_ **:N7T'XCWEOXYO/!WC*V@L-0
O_$MN
MXD

V
TNM.CU
M#SIC*[L6\[HHS'M&2!C @#.'H'@KQ?\.-+5=
\6:;J&DP.9)[/5H&MHH8OO
M2.DJLY0\'@C8-S
1GKL77BG4/!/AA4\075IK.KVFF2WUX\=S#;


:NRD$Y
MRAQ@F@#I-
^(.CR^;_:VN^%+7&/+^R:ZEQNZYSN1

M&O0__!C#_P#%5\044 ?;_P#PG?@__H:]#_\ !C#_ /%4?\)WX/\ ^AKT/_P8





M2QW;AGE0:^@[QM],TZVL+./R[6UB2&%-Q.U% C)Y. !UKY(^-O_)7M=_[=

!0!X_6YJ&OM

NPOKC3-1MK^SD\NZM9

MGDY_=O\ 
?DVUX!6YX2\5ZEX
\01:SI9C
Z(R-'+N\N16&

!GJH/:
M@#W\7'@7QIX(MX=1@C_X1_2K*65=0:]3S]



8;$FV0C 4*.&&UADZ&M:;XEU2*YU'QYK=CX/\ #-QY

MQH$ Y8)GY/ P!\JH 15SQ[\28==TNU\


M_P2AZA_VI/_1L5 'T_7R!\;?\ DKVN_P#;O_Z3QU]?U\@?&W_DKVN_]N__



X9=0A
ME/R
W,'/@GHIYQ@=20 2/HOX\W










/ 'A011QLATRU$I9


@@



20
X!P
R^(WPHTR8WE]HBS12Q_8M.
MNI/L9*2%4+02,P.#&&.I9BQ)R<CYTU;39M&UF^TNX:-I[*XDMY&C)*ED8J2
M


JSJO

M&O\ L%6O_HI: .@HHHH *\O^

;5;^

D_[/'C:ZN);BXU?1IIY7+R227
S
[$Y))




MCP2O6OI.B@#P?_AF[R)_

M=+S4[R2\O_'






X^#_^
M@EKG_?\ A_\ C5'_  SCX/\ ^@EKG_?^'_XU7L%% 'C_ /PSCX/_ .@EKG_?



 Times

 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; width: 45px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; width: 45px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; width: 45px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; width: 45px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; width: 45px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 5%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 45%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; width: 45px; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 5%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 45%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 &amp;#8211; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Name Change&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;On November&#13;5, 2018, the Company changed its name from AG Acquisition Group II, Inc. to Blue Star Foods Corp. effective on November 5, 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Series A Preferred Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;On November&#13;5, 2018, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to&#13;designate the 8% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the &amp;#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;) as a series of preferred stock&#13;of the Company.&amp;#160;10,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are authorized, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. The Series&#13;A Preferred Stock has no maturity, is not subject to any sinking fund or redemption, and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless&#13;and until converted by the holder or the Company decides to redeem or otherwise repurchase the Series A Preferred Stock. The Company&#13;is not required to redeem, purchase or set aside funds to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;The Series&#13;A Preferred Stock ranks, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and/or the distribution of assets in the event of any&#13;liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, (i) senior to all classes or series of the common stock, par value $0.0001&#13;per share, of the Company (&amp;#8220;Common Stock&amp;#8221;), and to all other equity securities issued by the Company, other than equity&#13;securities referred to in clauses (ii) and (iii) below; (ii) on parity with all equity securities issued by the Company with terms&#13;specifically providing that those equity securities rank on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock; (iii) junior to all equity&#13;securities issued by the Company with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series A Preferred&#13;Stock; and (iv) effectively junior to all existing and future indebtedness and liabilities of the Company.&amp;#160;Cumulative dividends&#13;will accrue on each share of Series A Preferred Stock, at the rate of 8% of the purchase price (which purchase price will be $1,000&#13;per share) per year. The dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock is payable quarterly, when and if declared by the board of directors,&#13;beginning on September 30, 2018 and thereafter on December 31, March 31 and June 30 of each calendar year. The dividends are to&#13;be paid in shares of Common Stock with such shares being valued at the volume weighted average price of the common stock on the&#13;trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted or the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined&#13;by an independent appraiser if it is not so listed or quoted.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;In the event&#13;of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred&#13;Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the assets the Company, subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any class&#13;or series of capital stock of the Company it may issue ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock, a liquidation preference&#13;of the Purchase Price, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of Common Stock or any other class or series of capital&#13;stock of the Company that it may issue that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights. The liquidation&#13;preference will be proportionately adjusted in the event of a stock split, stock combination or similar event.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Each share&#13;of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, at any time and in the sole discretion of the holder thereof, into shares of Common&#13;Stock at a conversion rate of 500 shares of Common Stock per each share of Series A Preferred Stock, which conversion rate is subject&#13;to customary adjustments for dividends or distributions on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or splits or combinations&#13;relating to the Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Upon any merger, share exchange or consolidation&#13;of the Company with any other corporation or entity; the sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition&#13;or encumbrance, whether in one transaction or a series of transactions, by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;assets; or any agreement, contract or other arrangement providing for any of the foregoing transactions (other than the Merger,&#13;as such term is defined below), each share of Series A Preferred Stock will remain outstanding and will be convertible into the&#13;kind and amount of securities or other property as the Common Stock is converted into in such transaction.&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;Holders&#13;of the Series A Preferred Stock have no voting rights, except as discussed below or as otherwise required by law. So long as any&#13;shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;Company&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;may not,&#13;without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock outstanding&#13;at the time (voting together as a class with all other series of parity Preferred Stock that the&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;Company&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;may&#13;issue upon which similar voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable), (i) authorize or create, or increase the authorized&#13;or issued amount of, any class or series of capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment&#13;of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up or reclassify any of the authorized capital&#13;stock of the&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;Company&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;into such shares, or create, authorize or issue any&#13;obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares; or (ii) amend, alter, repeal or replace&#13;the Certificate of Incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect and deprive holders of Series A Preferred Stock. On each&#13;matter on which holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, each share of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled&#13;to one vote.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Merger&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On November 8, 2018 (the &amp;#8220;Closing&#13;Date&amp;#8221;), the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the &amp;#8220;Merger Agreement&amp;#8221;),&#13;with John Keeler &amp;#38; Co., Inc., d/b/a Blue Star Foods, a privately held Florida corporation (&amp;#8220;Blue Star&amp;#8221;), Blue Star&#13;Acquisition Corp., a newly formed, wholly-owned Florida subsidiary of the Company (&amp;#8220;Acquisition Sub&amp;#8221;), and John Keeler,&#13;Blue Star&amp;#8217;s sole stockholder (the &amp;#8220;Blue Star Stockholder&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Acquisition&#13;Sub merged with and into Blue Star, which was the surviving corporation and thus became the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Merger&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;Following the Merger, the Company discontinued its prior activities of seeking a business for&#13;a merger or acquisition and acquired the business of Blue Star, which is an international seafood company that processes, packages&#13;and sells refrigerated pasteurized blue and red crab meat, and other premium seafood products.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At the Closing Date, each of the 500&#13;shares of Blue Star&amp;#8217;s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger was converted into&#13;30,000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (&amp;#8220;Common Stock&amp;#8221;). As a result, an aggregate&#13;of 15,000,000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock were issued to the Blue Star Stockholder. At the effective time of the&#13;Merger, the Company redeemed 9,250,000 shares of Common Stock from the pre-Merger stockholders of the Company (the &amp;#8220;Pre-Merger&#13;Holders&amp;#8221;), which retained an aggregate of 750,000 shares of Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Merger was treated as a recapitalization&#13;and reverse acquisition of the Company for financial accounting purposes. Blue Star is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes,&#13;and the Company&amp;#8217;s historical financial statements before the Merger will be replaced with the historical financial statements&#13;of Blue Star before the Merger in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&amp;#160;The Merger is intended to be&#13;treated as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As discussed above, on November 8, 2018,&#13;pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all of the shares of common stock of Blue Star were exchanged for 15,000,000 restricted&#13;shares of Common Stock. On November 8, 2018, Christopher Constable, the current Chief Financial Officer of the Company, was issued&#13;a ten-year option to purchase 3,120,000 shares of Common Stock, which option vests and becomes exercisable one year from the date&#13;of issuance. On November 8, 2018, upon the closing of the Merger, 80,000 shares of Common Stock were issued to The Crone Law Group,&#13;P.C. for legal services, 129,500 shares of Common Stock were issued to Sandstone Group Corp. and 55,500 shares were issued to Newbridge&#13;Securities Corporation for financial advisory services provided to Blue Star in connection with the Merger.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Equity Issuances&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Concurrently with the closing of the&#13;Merger, the Company held an initial closing of its private placement offering (the &amp;#8220;Offering&amp;#8221;) of a minimum of $700,000&#13;and a maximum of $3,200,000 of units of the Company&amp;#8217;s securities (the &amp;#8220;Units&amp;#8221;), in which the Company sold 725&#13;Units at a purchase price of $1,000 per Unit.&amp;#160;Each Unit consisted of one share of the Company&amp;#8217;s 8% Series A convertible&#13;preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the &amp;#8220;Series A Stock&amp;#8221;), initially convertible into shares (the &amp;#8220;Conversion&#13;Shares&amp;#8221;) of the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock, at a conversion rate of $2.00 per share (the &amp;#8220;Conversion Rate&amp;#8221;)&#13;and (ii) a three-year warrant (the &amp;#8220;Warrant&amp;#8221;) to purchase one-half of one share of Common Stock for every share of&#13;Common Stock that would be received upon conversion of a share of Series A Stock (the &amp;#8220;Warrant Shares&amp;#8221;), at an exercise&#13;price equal to $2.40.&amp;#160;The aggregate gross proceeds from the Offering were $725,000.&amp;#160;The closing of the Offering and the&#13;closing of the Merger were conditioned upon each other and both closed on November 8, 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On November 8, 2018, we entered into&#13;a registration rights agreement (the &amp;#8220;Registration Rights Agreement&amp;#8221;) with the investors in the Offering. Pursuant&#13;to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, within 120 business days after the closing of the Offering, the Company is obligated&#13;toll file a registration statement (the &amp;#8220;Registration Statement&amp;#8221;) with the SEC covering the Conversion Shares and the&#13;Warrant Shares (collectively, the &amp;#8220;Registrable Shares&amp;#8221;) and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration&#13;Statement to be declared effective and to keep such Registration Statement effective for a period of twelve months or for such&#13;shorter period ending on the earlier to occur of (x) the sale of all Registrable Securities and (y) the availability of Rule 144&#13;for the sale of the Registrable Securities without volume limitations within a 90 day period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in&#13;the event that the SEC limits the number of Registrable Securities that may be sold pursuant to the Registration Statement, the&#13;Company may remove from the Registration Statement such number of Registrable Securities as specified by the SEC on a pro-rata&#13;basis (the &amp;#8220;SEC Cutback&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;The holders of Registrable Shares will have &amp;#8220;piggyback&amp;#8221; registration rights&#13;for such Registrable Shares with respect to two registration statements in accordance with the terms and the notice requirements&#13;of the Registration Rights Agreement, subject to a SEC Cutback or a customary cutback in an underwritten offering, both which would&#13;be pro rata.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Settlement Agreement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Effective upon the closing of the Merger,&#13;the Company issued an aggregate of 688 Units to eleven &amp;#8220;accredited investors&amp;#8221; (the &amp;#8220;Settlement Parties&amp;#8221;)&#13;for each such individual or entity entering into a settlement and mutual general release agreement (the &amp;#8220;Settlement Agreement&amp;#8221;)&#13;with the Company in full and complete settlement and satisfaction and release of claims such Settlement Parties may have against&#13;the Company (the &amp;#8220;Company Settlement&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Change to the Board of Directors and Executive Officers&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On the Closing Date of the Merger, Laura&#13;Anthony and Howard Gostfrand, the then-current directors and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,&#13;respectively, resigned from all such positions as directors and officers of the Company and were replaced by new officers and directors.&amp;#160;Immediately&#13;following the closing of the Merger, the Company&amp;#8217;s board of directors was reconstituted to consist of John Keeler, Carlos&#13;Faria, Christopher Constable and Nubar Herian, with John Keeler being the Executive Chairman of the Board. Following the Merger,&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s officers consisted of the officers of Blue Star immediately prior to the Merger, with Carlos Faria being the&#13;Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company and Christopher Constable being the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and&#13;Secretary of the Company.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Redemption from Pre-Merger&#13;Holders&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In connection with the Merger, the Company&#13;redeemed an aggregate of 9,250,000 shares of Common Stock from the Company&amp;#8217;s pre-Merger stockholders (the &amp;#8220;Pre-Merger&#13;Holders&amp;#8221;) for cancellation by the Company.&amp;#160;The Pre-Merger Holders retained an aggregate of 750,000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Common Stock after the Merger, representing a value of $1,500,000 million.&amp;#160;The shares were surrendered in consideration for&#13;the direct benefit the Pre-Merger Holders will receive in connection with the consummation of the Merger&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Change in Fiscal Year&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On November 8, 2018, the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;board of directors approved a change in the Company&amp;#8217;s fiscal year from a fiscal year ending October 31 to a fiscal year ending&#13;on December 31 of each year, which is the fiscal year of Blue Star. The Company&amp;#8217;s 2018 fiscal year will end on December 31,&#13;2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;2018 Equity Incentive Award Plan&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In connection with the Merger, the Company&#13;adopted the 2018 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the &amp;#8220;2018 Plan&amp;#8221;), which was effective immediately prior to the consummation&#13;of the Merger. The principal purpose of the 2018 Plan is to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and non-employee&#13;directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards. 7,500,000 shares of&#13;Common Stock are reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan as future incentive awards to executive officers, employees, consultants&#13;and directors.&amp;#160;Upon the closing of the Merger, (i) options to purchase an aggregate of 104 shares of Blue Star&amp;#8217;s common&#13;stock at an exercise price of $10,000 per share, which were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, were converted&#13;into ten-year immediately exercisable options to purchase an aggregate of 3,120,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price&#13;of $0.333 under the 2018 Plan, and (ii) ten-year options to purchase 3,120,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.00,&#13;which vest one-year from the date of grant, were issued under the 2018 Plan.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revolving Line of Credit&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In connection with Merger that occurred&#13;on November 8, 2018, the Company became the borrower on a $14,000,000 revolving line of credit with ACF. As of&amp;#160;December 28,&#13;2018, the Company had $8,078,712&amp;#160;in outstanding debt to ACF. Borrowings under our loan and security agreement with ACF are&#13;secured by substantially all of our personal property, including our intellectual property.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Pro forma results of operations&amp;#160;(Unaudited)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Following are the supplemental consolidated&#13;results of operations of Blue Star Foods Corp. on an unaudited pro forma basis, as if the acquisition had been consummated on November&#13;1, 2017.&amp;#160;We have not presented pro-forma results of operations for the period October 17, 2017 to October 31, 2017 as they&#13;are not material to the consolidated results of operations, either individually or in aggregate.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;As of October 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11,897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Stockholder Deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Liabilities and Stockholder Deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: justify; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(in thousands, except earnings per share)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Year Ended October 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;32,102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5,042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(0.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 &amp;#8211; BASIS OF PRESENTATION&#13;AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;The accompanying financial statements&#13;have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;U.S. GAAP&amp;#8221;)&#13;regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The financial statements and accompanying notes are the representations&#13;of the Company&amp;#8217;s management, who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity. The Company has not earned any revenue&#13;from operations since inception.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;USE OF ESTIMATES&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements&#13;in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities&#13;and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and the reported amounts&#13;of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;CASH&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;Cash includes cash on hand and on&#13;deposit at banking institutions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1.05pt; text-align: justify&gt;Under ASC 740, &amp;#8220;Income Taxes,&amp;#8221;&#13;deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between&#13;the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary&#13;differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established when it is more likely than not that&#13;some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of October 31, 2018, the Company&amp;#8217;s deferred tax assets are&#13;offset by a valuation allowance due to the uncertainty of the realization of net operating loss or carry forward prior to expiration.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;LOSS PER COMMON SHARE&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Basic loss per common share excludes dilution&#13;and is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss&#13;per common share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised&#13;or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the loss of the entity. During the&#13;year ended October 31, 2018 and the period from October 17, 2017 (inception) through October 31, 2017, there were no outstanding&#13;potentially dilutive securities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;The carrying amounts of financial&#13;assets such as cash, accounts payable and advances from related parties, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity&#13;of these instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;ASU No. 2014-09&lt;/i&gt;, &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts&#13;with Customers &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;Topic 606&amp;#8221;), in connection with the Merger that occurred November 8, 2018 (See Note 7), Topic&#13;606 became effective for us on January 1, 2018. The Company had no revenues prior to the Merger. Our disclosure within the below&#13;sections to this footnote reflects our updated accounting policies that are affected by this new standard. We applied the &amp;#8220;modified&#13;retrospective&amp;#8221; transition method for open contracts for the implementation of &lt;i&gt;Topic 606. &lt;/i&gt;As sales are and have been&#13;primarily through distributors, and we have no significant post delivery obligations, this did not result in a material recognition&#13;of revenue on our accompanying financial statements for the cumulative impact of applying this new standard. We made no adjustments&#13;to our previously-reported total revenues, as those periods continue to be presented in accordance with our historical accounting&#13;practices under &lt;i&gt;Topic 605, Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Required Elements of Our Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;:&#13;Revenue from our product sales is recognized under &lt;i&gt;Topic 606 &lt;/i&gt;in a manner that reasonably reflects the delivery of our goods&#13;to customers in return for expected consideration and includes the following elements:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;we ensure we have an executed purchase order with our customers that we believe is legally enforceable;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;we identify the &amp;#8220;performance obligation in the respective purchase order;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;we determine the &amp;#8220;transaction price&amp;#8221; for each performance obligation in the&amp;#160;respective purchase order;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;we recognize revenue only when we satisfy each performance obligation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.15pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;These five elements, as applied to each of&#13;our revenue categories, is summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; padding-right: 3.05pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 3.05pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revenue - we sell our products to wholesalers, distributors and retailers (i.e., our customers). Our wholesalers/distributors in turn sell our products directly to restaurants or end users as well as retail stores. Revenue from our product sales is recognized when the product is taken from our warehouse via arranged freight or customer pick-up, in return for agreed-upon consideration.&amp;#160;Additionally, the Company offers sales discounts and promotions to its customers in various forms. These incentives are accounted for as a reduction of revenue when they are characterized as cash consideration. Otherwise, the incentives are expensed. Revenue is inclusive of shipping and handling fees and all related costs of shipping and handling related to sales to customers are categorized as cost of revenue.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 3.05pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 3.05pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Product Returns Allowances - We estimate expected product returns for our allowance based on our historical return rates. Returned product is evaluated for resale, and may be resold.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 &amp;#8211; STOCKHOLDER&amp;#8217;S&#13;EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 &amp;#8211; ORGANIZATION AND&#13;NATURE OF OPERATIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;USE OF ESTIMATES&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;CASH&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;LOSS PER COMMON SHARE&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;ASU No. 2014-09&lt;/i&gt;, &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts&#13;with Customers &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;Topic 606&amp;#8221;), in connection with the Merger that occurred November 8, 2018 (See Note 7), Topic&#13;606 became effective for us on January 1, 2018. The Company had no revenues prior to the Merger. Our disclosure within the below&#13;sections to this footnote reflects our updated accounting policies that are affected by this new standard. We applied the &amp;#8220;modified&#13;retrospective&amp;#8221; transition method for open contracts for the implementation of &lt;i&gt;Topic 606. &lt;/i&gt;As sales are and have been&#13;primarily through distributors, and we have no significant post delivery obligations, this did not result in a material recognition&#13;of revenue on our accompanying financial statements for the cumulative impact of applying this new standard. We made no adjustments&#13;to our previously-reported total revenues, as those periods continue to be presented in accordance with our historical accounting&#13;practices under &lt;i&gt;Topic 605, Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Required Elements of Our Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;:&#13;Revenue from our product sales is recognized under &lt;i&gt;Topic 606 &lt;/i&gt;in a manner that reasonably reflects the delivery of our goods&#13;to customers in return for expected consideration and includes the following elements:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;we ensure we have an executed purchase order with our customers that we believe is legally enforceable;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;we identify the &amp;#8220;performance obligation in the respective purchase order;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;we determine the &amp;#8220;transaction price&amp;#8221; for each performance obligation in the&amp;#160;respective purchase order;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;we recognize revenue only when we satisfy each performance obligation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.15pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;These five elements, as applied to each of&#13;our revenue categories, is summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; padding-right: 3.05pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 3.05pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revenue - we sell our products to wholesalers, distributors and retailers (i.e., our customers). Our wholesalers/distributors in turn sell our products directly to restaurants or end users as well as retail stores. Revenue from our product sales is recognized when the product is taken from our warehouse via arranged freight or customer pick-up, in return for agreed-upon consideration.&amp;#160;Additionally, the Company offers sales discounts and promotions to its customers in various forms. These incentives are accounted for as a reduction of revenue when they are characterized as cash consideration. Otherwise, the incentives are expensed. Revenue is inclusive of shipping and handling fees and all related costs of shipping and handling related to sales to customers are categorized as cost of revenue.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 3.05pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 3.05pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Product Returns Allowances - We estimate expected product returns for our allowance based on our historical return rates. Returned product is evaluated for resale, and may be resold.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 4 &amp;#8211; LIQUIDITY &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 6 &amp;#8211; INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes using&#13;the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences by applying&#13;enacted statutory rates to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of existing assets and liabilities.&#13;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. The&#13;Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, when required, based on evaluation of the realizability of such&#13;deferred tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;The tax effects of&#13;the significant temporary differences representing deferred assets&amp;#160;as of the year ended October 31, 2018 and for the period&#13;from October 17, 2017 (inception) through October 31, 2017:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;October 31, 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;October 31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net deferred income tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;The tax effects of&#13;the significant temporary differences representing deferred assets&amp;#160;as of the year ended October 31, 2018 and for the period&#13;from October 17, 2017 (inception) through October 31, 2017:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 &amp;#8211; RELATED PARTY&#13;TRANSACTIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;As of October 31, 2018, entities&#13;owned and controlled by the Company&amp;#8217;s former sole officers and directors have provided the Company with its only cash for&#13;operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;That is, entities, owned and controlled&#13;by the Company&amp;#8217;s former sole officers and directors purchased a total of 10,000,000 shares of common stock for a total of&#13;$4,000 on October 17, 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;Further, during the year ended October&#13;31, 2018, entities owned and controlled by the Company&amp;#8217;s former sole officers and directors have loaned the Company funds&#13;totaling $9,000. The advances are not interest bearing and due on demand.&amp;#160;As of November 8, 2018, these advances were converted&#13;to equity.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;As of October 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11,897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Stockholder Deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Liabilities and Stockholder Deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: justify; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(in thousands, except earnings per share)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Year Ended October 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;32,102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5,042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(0.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_AAGI_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_LiquidityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_LiquidityTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsSubjectToExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=AAGI_TwoOfficersandDirectorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=AAGI_NovemberEightTwoThousandAndEighteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_MergerCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=AAGI_DecemberTwentyEightTwoThousandAndEighteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAverageOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=AAGI_SoleOfficersandDirectorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAverageOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockConversionBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightTitleOfSecurityWarrantsOrRightsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_NumberOfCommonStockExchanged'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_NumberOfCommonSharesRetained'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_RateOfPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_PurchasePriceOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaTotalAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaTotalLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaStockholderDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_AAGI_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaTotalLiabilitiesAndStockholderDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareDiluted'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+


X=8.?DF.R2&H:A')HYEW?@



M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F



O


MU5^.7#14Z:DX);(3C!X
J:D3@E1-+1JX]7K.W$:L$OJJY:MA.1O#0-%?_6



[TDNMGOGM*[
)Y7%DL__.KJS6\'XG

$$5

&HJ&B9-IUF2TYY?6=(J3U;$A?#(M3_(!

=




M-E#GJN+MWP=1RNLZI.';Q%-Q/&D[$6U6#3^*'T+_;!Y;
XJ&*ONB$K4J9!VT

MRK&$?G_-+N&KI?)0-7L$Z$$CP\65(_/Q -\Q/DIF9*
A-D%'YF

+ 80O..


Y].WA:


WF'U!+ P04     !<AI]-T1L0D4X





M$?%FV^X2RARG2[['_B.B90K$CG'B1*NO\[IQ@4MNR@2I43O;5E4NFS:D3#L
M;':#WQG\WN ]-@2=(9AK#M#.#& -A6]-AD2*$T8;1S6_KTU4KO(VX1R]4^J



M%XH^]B^4BRCPH6,E\NG0]\@^)4-99UUMZ?;4/0NGL;@/Z!DOX'4$L#!!0
M   ( %R&GTW2_G6



=_#+?[4!NTXE<# Y^U/17E






X_041.B$C;















].]!SI9[Y]2OK
M$YJ%09_]=W9AE98;$OV




M'R3S@F00A#@@4))BAR



1T)[QATH#52A.

M
S:GHQ]4'




.:J#A1W


M(

^ IX%
MC&YED]#)V9B7X'RMYJ$@D!Y8
Q^,]R!E$

8?12WM[F[!)T9LAQ@F0K2+H@&(HO&;*M#,?L'3W;IN\V]Q%^FZ=





N*0-P?7YGOX^U^UK.PL(=JI^R

5_@PLH'QZ4^!PE*AM74@[6H9Y9O!0M7J==







@B

ML?^-
1Y02G*%(]3A!UL


M?5/;;MLP#/T501]0.4[698%MH.DP;






KXAV*=^B]%)MDG[%+
M()IBCF-










BYX;6Q]4]MNU# 0_17+





7X_%E8_];8SR@E

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$S+GAM;'U386_;(!#]*X@?4&*2
MM5ED6VHZ3:O42E&G;9^)?;91P7B X_;?[\NY[76O@!WW'OW[CC2P=AGUP!X

M9//4]%[)%DZ6N%YK85^/H
R0T82^.9YDW?C@8'G:B1J^@__1G2Q:;&8II8;6
M2=


]GRB9BG^








GN*PSU+
-@*/X[
M7(%;N
O$:A22:_\
BE8;*086FXI@G_U9U?[L!OY;&!Y AP ZR]D

%Z)H)A-C
1




M=? 3W*_A9+Q%5I:&2U6:X4,M6^2P_'/







$%     @
M7(:?32HDXG:V 0  T@




@AA&K\73;J&#
3M^57]4ZP=:[EP!X]&_A*-[TMZ3TD#+1^E
M?S+39UCJN:5D*?XK7$$B/&2,6HC75Q)/3IOU**J2C^



[!5XI4WMBOQ T8-M.PH

.&+ZJ.Q2D859T6R]VGD?1C'J'^FK1.R
M2


$%     @


ME99AKYHP%(;_N$'7@44*
F4[)LR9:8NVS[7+4JN4!96^7NWZ\MO03:JLP/


9P0ZM1(F3?*(N?ZX;<2=.[L3F
M3@WN9-J#,DV6/Y6-H%,G=&H_*,8+M$VG;O\$X8@H<Q)E-E%L$&53B28(1T0S
M)]',WMB9061+H &=/Y2,*.9.BKE-8=3+K2VQ*!Y*1A0@=-?MT(H X)WE!'=*
M/W$

5NT0NT8<ZLW

M)MJT.^IT'4X:?8P+^K/D^A]02P
$%     @ 7(:?31H;**;9 0  @00  !D



[1U1(MF-.
P5O

Q&UH

M971S+W-H965T
%I_[4*;. JF(D)_@!ZN=X$#IBTK3
QADSX= 0%N&G^+-/C=X






PR=&8EQ#\:NZH) 0N
# T=S@7N0
-FEA0BN)OR0H=[9A.BF(JNUZ03P7Y7)G65*CJ/P;][PNK1F)3;L?


\$A1+


F
M.F

IM_J/H?4$L#!!0    ( %R&

M76^;
!2&_PKR_6H^DS8I):JVJ1-BCIMO7;@$%!M3&TG=/]^_J($-H;['/\


M1G'H^QO

M\!O4GWXO=(0GEZIET


M @JE

/]R?;N^[E004G+ZTE6HR=(N\FIR



MHB37*!M_@7*MB:


$%     @ 7(:?315]@1#?!





#EJ('H#

]?B@;)*U@
MTHHDS;3#C1TH#]L]5I_*D\#PQB0IS,EU@9-/1PD@D$B$,1@!S%T$ ,'D5-@
M8I(ESU0LQ7NA$B=TZ%I(X1HV R#QEE=%8)G1C=2(]:)
_$JY5C!8K9CQS




M[U2&(92 K]B%4-+=
N.Q]_@@



J\PV(JS4-/+5.8
M5T5Y=9_MKA5ZUN0=/HUIU916]V'LNM=
/3IIS*I&K+IM@B)/[VO













\KV?[X
#-R7*5B DF1^F8(%
M*%17#JV 5FXM=%2T(
'%7_HI#J(UDO/R'B!RD-(YR3IMIZ1@$\Y)8-*4&L)O
MIAT+KV3WUKP%$^O8\@^FXX._[O:]^(KYK6Z%=V92M4;3P*Z
2:*R3;J;OU
M1(T+2JY23U
UY[9/VX5DW? &@?$A+/X 4$L#!!0    ( %R&GTU;8^=J%BD
M 



MDOOVM_

M.Q^I%6AU

M +E(ZCY

7[WS;-
M)EH
SGV79$D^E7A






HT?B7X00U_;3^CPV4%MNK
MWSBR0P[;SF 2V7;TEK2[!G)_V$:P@\/#

MTV))=IBZX/ZKO)$/
@^=OJJ97



:=J4Q


M4%Q=@J]72E^CK)L4@QN35T66SNP:UV@




O]2!^9



A*=HQ +[
0)?!D

M #D1.9HC$I'(3Z0##
S\+;
$(CQINL&KA=H+DEG)V\



[E

M_#B\^0V_&Y]_N#Q_?SX:8E1M-+JZHRB1N+ZZP-#/F*0#A'.
)A94MEU&YD

#L$




:L9.(
M\

M6A ^269&
_FD,,&C)K)^!-E&CYP.8%LB1V=(A%?@9+CS[K 92O
M$Y@,68_XBN&;)&0CG78/&X4.PH4R0X



6;(+V#-T0J14=4)D\$

QT[)W!4H-!BPF :8
MQ3.+J&(*E2DGE\%6&+S$24OFB:5MO6EV89*X^2\'+:0J2-BIH!IR+E3[&


D%$#Y+!$[_&V
M6 %'OCYX/3!_@MNBY]ZPCB+BOI'*D3O+G
P'$'EHL%DV^L


M8I^L]@9$PLX2S[T5\'*:

83@;T1 %#T.#.I


MR**@&I0T9*D%DHU#(PH LK@4W'A9#


M4R1




M(2OV7BHU37E?Y:S69)5A25;\HH%%D2G4[8FW?1CXK&4:\&P].RBH@50?T'@
MVF+!4YMZV 97AO)X$7@742;B R2M@H.UU1N0^%E
H4HE./%LY]4843M?;F
M]@3E.]%X5)_A /P3AZX1!!WAQO [NI)/*LX-UQ&(V8NM8_84;=/Q]RTB^(,H
M$*(/YB,2*EYS#B[)X&5Y0MD_=H=AE2QY5,XUIQQS+TU$1T?HB7@CRQU$H%5/
M6!IW#82T8W;N5+IL%EN'1-I5_-BUNFQTN)KI(I2/8:[?]LS$M%43MXY?




MK7J1QA
ONM4V:.MB6%$
A7V(P
75&Z%



M#
QA%1
^BX?6V.VD6?[S*J

&PY=L #L@;-ZJ%^?@K7VJU/6I[ 

MKQ*W!]0]5\@QT7*EAY4F5$D-C%#27#QK1B$/51X)\\#^5]

7!?SO$V8


6\(?\!?E0][RIYCH24I3

H$DM[^W6T]U9!_]?&O;DN

M2QQ468:+.%P$KDS)+BEER3C:ND;ZQKHHJU1:!72'VLT(#
X%[G)Y3.M3VG0
M+'&(XMYRQ!Z):C1;66IH,+5QWZL-4IL7_[U)0(J6F

( -6 B$5P2
#-]*0\@TI:!
M8A3&?4!**?1&8(
162^3\A-:@[:X2?I@I!67;V0I^6I H[\WA?J+G$@L


6)H 90(E9D6.?N7)O#1
5K4

MI51[?2KH(.Z)3#(;V3YQWD=2O

M_/2&K(:B(U$'XFY5\&

M-+'(


< 4]3T<(IL9#/?MR+C7
M;30NY42Z_
H
AVH;1#4G/3@\VWI'9XZ.$D=BABRI@AJ]5=V)-$ZGLB@8B)]9


MM([NXJC-7%/;

MXHFY(D!0716+2ZTSOMR'@+B@Q$55T;2LK7 * 'WV
V 1A%[V(C-G*4J^G
M;4F2H

VA
MIR-)G)J3H#G2M/:\[&+2 ^[?'](^DX! B&

MR_@J%O_%+X@H\2CQV;#'8OWAIOV4B-86'EA3-!;3&8R=JQP9/4O$].&8]F






M@OWO]B1[R*I8L3^U?XQU33I] [Z08]5TZ=(+V/2T14N7P#4I\Z;)U5&T1VWK
MD^)CTK;ZHA?M!$R(?OP(=[=JU%9LKHMH4P8T4:^&8FI


V^PK4C
M4=HG\23


M+-G;?O'Z9#?9TQ=USM(P
V\(1L6


MSYB9P76_T=$BE6ZKHBM5Y-8. %



-ANTN\NJ5NTQK

RDS[.@WJ%C&BR6U(*ZSM3E!5%#95(:*DL.+@E.
+5&U?J0]O/
M$/'V'QQ?8(%D




M^!81!2

AF0C\#U/#[643_1D(0Q_'*L5A'K5'
M3';R=ZS-@T,!%E_J.FYC6-V7UC ZT&(.VF&8W&DG[?P[):D-4.5
1/UF..J

M99




D[F%F+0+445#H(X
MQVJ3W%/U
7?\) ?Q$:X#O!5C/L:L2U10$75OQ'4):%4D6
&



0P NL]9DBY5WKF+ ^)A?DU[GV #
U?S[S-N[SUNUW'=#:GGQDVYV@MBVI
M'%ZJ[D&H3@B]NN*AXKRUX-Y-]B*BE'*7I9.K G$7BX?1=\S^'
;N 6Z=2/M



M
2Y

M$=00MVG8I
B;2HT;B&/#OT8^M&0!M_O%W_7B3(3I:6A[TEMLX(

BG*LGCD JT$J.:ED\+K:7A#&P]'[T/]



9?8@





P.@PCP(Z2+2$Q0]#T9/IK-AY








P3'
TO


;A:4BFV@ZP^

M-Y@D2ZER4$.:/=0&C
HK!Q%R\J.6M:!#6HMN3%R2DHIB-/0K^@
0YL!8_?V


M*ON7UC[8)'(')V#+GQR#R;]=DT+6=K=ZVT]D&%U;RC05G=R*YCEX/?9I



]M





41 'J6.\]OVV[%^^_E$N'L!V%V JB+(8P+R.WDM4N&LGBM#R@\O(@+==




M^W#07CSH$ XZB =!PLB8R=Q6,MK#0S7(.\U,&#O-C D WR9@.#-LBK#0S;
M(.\V

M5'EP97-=+GAM;


Q[2*S=9F*PU^95078XC;33T



M@(2##K& 8'%4BL52*19/I5A


M    $P(   L              ( !     %]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L! A0#%









MGTW2_G6

M+W-H965T-YX;6Q02P$% 

M        @ '

M  @ 7(:?3=MIXF&5 @   @H  !@              ( !

M:&5E='





M1U:S 0  T@


M970Q



M971S+W-H965T
3



M% 







M

O9(:$


end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001493152-18-018134-xbrl.zip

   -? @ 1    86%G:2TR
#$X
3 S
2YX

M$A*CAQ_SZV\\
J64D$!@P-A6[TXW!BDS
C(B
B(R'C__]\/(



J_%PU&@T&_ /O_[S0]=W[(_X;P/VP0T^/@3V+UO:\NYWMSU_

M\



M!8 !O\Z'CG[)@:[G16[H/^9OB?P17SM

MV8$=@N08^%[$:$:FW5(\B'3[




M^
)PFR7&YN%*.59*A;^DJO 7*

N8W,T8NT!O]=0-Z\66_;_? 7#1!8MF^
MZ(%A&;P.1KD6#G*=07B^_'6-]W [*%J&WQ^U']AKD%-^.-T=+QZ_FGLO[R#
M.X4D6LJ-9VL;5(=-
]]T+P

9TKT[;.W8XY

!4'E2@I(THJ
MHP

MUW8'K\34*TD4^8NO#IDRATQ%.
]..
]\K%04L$D4L*:#I%%O'B07.\U#Y3J\


'GT\QYXZ^BIY]7(H)74(RGV<^Q#46PENA7/<:@1V-$
 I.:US?A



L5V
M:V[P __^F:[]B@:5:SVPED-]O+C-4[)T^&?J:VM&&I=#&4^5 SU2AE*W]J*












<9?U3YN&GPENZ5%P.K0MPB@&5DYVS0M&.][5K+
MDT]IC6O6+


MYPM^[M9\$


MA[FYB0M'Y\=;SDI

G:?--@NCLV:[





/2L)S
**P?P0:5
]%:QE(FH*

1VR

M'3

M[5KX'_1SWYD.)=T5+[_  \



Z9/





K'Y'


/S#1A C

X



QGM-
M3K$+;%(V
6]*.(A9#

M


MN88J&F+L-FO&-Q


M_( 3%7[AW90DEH J \1SPZ0JR-XU^1)S_APWW3]M4HL?YC)G26&@Q4'$L@

]%&7'^
6BE(?G

MCWSFT&!6)AU3L1B5L=I#&A/Z';*E9*M5\C3-4 !O$3O$5*5  @62AJ] 6F




Y#9C4A K5AQJ1-)([C:;1.@LX7SATR:J85'_WQ1'_

M
7.8R#D.7MW5XCEJQ@CDXL#$3V






12.99R!P .YG-+X






$B



FH/3E]FE61R])&*D&R
MFPW




L13C)@N:'-QV53!&WW:P!E$J^%%YW7!!I\JGB_0*S)SVH&G[90=T

_GB2M^YH-.=R6:7; Q:JF0:VEL
'F.YU
D-=]U

I9K1&?I(\&-4
MFS0Z8F71\

H4/)*D  KW6




/I3J


M''
+7;[)=02@+ -* +P?]&7(
%]&
##H+'5

&TW=V



8K#CNDMA1H.;#;
 .DSXI.(#/UE71 7L+(7)*$72B3C[ S)E6]!*$B


M2EOK*%':
G%[IF6\.ZHU#H]JA\U6\FJFK@56
40.I5D^$X@42L_
XD6^X7@F






H+QB:6E\!&

M(%ZQ;H9CC@/QT5?MA* $!9?341!N&_JS5UO3#T1LG3V&V$WK#B\AP\!3\(



:

MWG;]K=

.?



M'B.W-.J+S?B3@C]%VZ


V X5+)BTZ-8N



 /^


WRQ2!RDJ#_R1%+






9:8E#(H5 PS*29

3=D

+?.ILMNJI$P


M;Q\KOX1Q642&*=9Y7!A):LN8T.]Q:WFB+J1FJG435P$!K-NL+JU$KI:PC#/2
W

8
ML5D<
%O0$F




V[1'23$VZO]2BH#(WF)\



ZR



M?H18V32#:M+(9-LQKC.LJ6MQA[6I&Y+(NFIGYM\9=''WI.EM3.P&.:B+=^ 3

YT.W(O9





M8=S9ID&-S@?4+9&NK.@:5:[9 ./O1ST:US(V&E4FM^K45C9EIFG5E-NPO?@5

:17
MB)T/

98)_6N7FU=25%P3AP=&.XDZ



M.A16=




GS0GIB^E@X(OY:M7'GCG4A+0)8







9@B9K$PZ
VT?SPNP3
[4

E7)WF\HV3OAA%*D/7$%*.ZU8 @]JD.^\+H.[2I1O$H4KQ+%
MJT3Q*E&\2A2O$L6K1/&WD6GT(E


M;T^O5.(FI6#^(9-PDPO2=G#9URY%



K00JU


OY=TPBOZ&K2)FJ+?XI8.,+CQ=
M[!6,-CGM'YX#4@%4IS-V&RPV76:4')G/6WBM%O

M@




1Y


MJ1]E'+R6+YUZOR E?(7' 59?OKW8QP?3FHW&H

E9
U;I3.


M1GDW]_/&%JA+=1X1 -PNB+/+'P4 !S2YOVRU8IS(Q:D!NPYL!P]+FHV5MVFE




];1]^E#MRLQ=V9@M6=^YF5U!

MAWP9:


2 X:75

6



$
MYU;QZQ?BGGZ:DII]D
S?/%1IEK?W7JDLR_))/Z6@7


(OC8G]UXF)&R +^. *

@ZU XJ( 5.*^+245VBFL6'SYYV
M^.S/.'SB7P76]FRGJPV5/6-2!\Q

M[PQ+VJJ2@TM(+=]M-1NM!
P2L\X#Z(4(^9I]:9GP^XV]DNFYBX!M'HO:_RH
M+G+0%^DGM0;V[O3ES$#FE3^] 6UM[OL:RG\8-K)SNRKUSB3_'FLCXK):/-5

3QQ[VTO; ?GF7TTQ4Y56?.<=F6:;#=:XN,2XQ6RYJU6;IY[V-J?
M634G%^X-7O!?@1_^]<UV[5$T*H.C._U]:# ?B)@MW6LG# ]96(=]*RESGF
MW+W5FM%L@(4,]*^Q_!S ;_;U8^G#MK+[1[7VT$P[D0PSR7-P='1TO$STQ6_

M /X/:MD17OK7J/V=RB;P]$K\8R!_#9YYW7NZPVL1\*?7
D\P!LJFO08E9^O7

5Y Y
?\W
(Y^
M@U:K3Q';7;V%)5QB51



MQ4?]4O-_YUZ47N18W 6C)\#4LPS5A4=A'Q/#DA'2%).&
J8$WFMJC$G
*!O3
M 5Y



\ZW


M.3O#FM5?K\I8


:[:

MJJKVN8TJ/1];




W?7E\&7
[V]I8244$V%_$]%53<R9
M!11@@0'B6MFB7<9DHY20NJ;'8]\+OO;CH&,)#+I^0?UXK514KN7#&!L0@U8&
M C,*Y,[Q!@/V+-B'0!4A,Q41R/U/;7^-A*\7A=1D?B!X;P-S)+)O:1.AN(E

MX$^K#WAX_--*J%MU(^?DT3D)7
+6*@9MD5)XRQSL
*\ZWDH0V6S6CA:OIC??

M?C'C'QV]:L9_^ME1T5%).MK=?#IZ#GE$M^)#BN'$UKO83;JBHR+;]ZU)IZ

\0#=H8Q
MA*RPD^0XO?1[CQ44

^AF+.-Z[J\^+ZA


POKN@$'!F-V7J8@IQD,K&O<8<7PU7,J.W9'F#UJ:4
M2)E=Y6'MJDH=!2G_[VF&D=3%I4Z *:U9V N45%$BS;N:1YAUY3Y)BL-(MWD
MTJL+P]=J'31*P)?
5!HX[8+YJ4AL'1V5 7)RQODPJ5^)/P'4W;+XU.8K#:AV

#$X
3 S



M\^OGJ&]T-XUH



D)%X-*#1!6?GVX[_A\
MI8Q/G

M0)+YK!(04ZPTE_4\8*41JT
R?)+8)P





)C1<?X%]IU


F1C
25DZ*D@W@

5\IA<A6$2^
M213:3'^-]_^X$O4_^DKC
^DC_RID7=^8NRY)JJ^]EL*QH2#]ZQ+& UJ.+K']


G8?9MZF1FPGXE5YL+*SMU&);.I@ZG

M)%?60V6K5CZU3F;262#=!
0B#)N!B.2V &&\+IV'0JX2T@_EA711 
GLXOJXM\!2X,UYDJB0E'P-!/5<N]5RQSE\)9CL@
M6Z-(33[_!%+,=;#?%<E2GESTH;Q0LO%TD4)M/E,BH66P*?5$R2\@N\WC/KB




13


M

NU8WZ!FG.

._.A.^7HWUC'MW8M'




$%     @ 7(:?37$/OEY3   EU$  !4
M  !A86=I+3(P,3@Q,#,Q7V-A;YX;6SM7%ESVS80?N]



D


VQ]]ZF@$LN



MJRU\-QZSOLV98T-N/ %B;STA4VI12
OK)HCKR&E+AS$6\U.'+1N9.
.T3727






M-Q4J=\Y%UW+-YA+[!'



B%.(Q3&3#TI\2'B/

D49O]1%W&@Y*:1S@1LL:F2@DC\!/QY@SN/ #)(OF0
IMW=@I8V8.
MMQTZ@/787E7B\L)^L[HDK2F:GE8RZ\[*&

MC6/+^Y-Z\[$O/# &/UE9CB^WO





$\!




+


7
MUMEQ[QQ8G8YO;_ P$7XY_OALMY9%#U?=+LO+R_' 5J %X1_X\=I%;= XJQ
M Y=U]4[LC_;)J6W9)S]9U_^U+J]OCU\G1(9+$*6O_]Z[M'ODQZG]:+^_Z'V\
ML
__I]A6!*(X7+9U\OKQY




MQ/






4+HBXIVDW+=$LK:)[O96

M17:+I


G-)?,LXF
M&,VE^DQUAX02Y!5,&#FR$:V]?G(/EGQXJ


D:Z%ZU0R07


-HXD4W*!1L

MA^J%=)-/RI

M:]54TZ[$JN[#3^MBYJKX-BSU&#8LPV;R6IYA^V2=X5SY9AF3)K 5^+37^4S)


M *FF&^

MH7L98^J*@-A#;A)$NX4O[)5P4%2A-SYR54$




8#)N.=!].YYJR8]'/CBDB)Z8P'



MD!BRD2VYI#\D@!P20/Y

RB(C&P7U




M_DQ^CK5^]$C:DWP;RB
PVX
AD=.TU4



EE-

Z#PL!(%/
/ZTMT!(A.*!\:EF

AHNX!!WW'8]R\T

WP/+0_5HQL]?BI3*9=GX;RRG]$830
MI0?A$K&32W!RV\






M2]PLI(A6'YE ;XC#82/S8


(&-B@/S^,M(3O&Q7=;U-*M8SQ7
MQ;V:57P+7YZPYT[A W1B[+'/BP@O*+G*6WS8D@+IV&[[^RH%U:LSSH7AM&88

MCKS/O39T-5=DDNMHUJ-8K@5G7&M*]BE5&BIGK1U?1NTZ-7(9IZ[W%C?U2JK_

MAL_UAC

6
HKUV]DA-9EKF





M-.F:LL8NUMPS!

P



S3L.Z+SX
%Q'1[D)Y#
$U<0C



)A-(113%&Q2K
!_8BJ)P
=7K]WL ] 009J3%^3(QS6&0.Y9/T&DKU&(^





&K'D/R*=;(_$:;EB\C



X#+A#]AX^I_'[;:)O EKS$565@0N?[FN/)'%#


#$X
3 S




(8:D2M3FZ[M.6I712]=D%YC$672:
M[L:Z;^V)/OUV2/&$#+3MG6?A.BN9?R;4OGM_P;B6^M7-?TK1'P;N5=
OR

51I-ZEG82?=A+7F



M:)W&).!26N

8ZFW%=I!4

4&V%J!EJ[( U


K(ST)#V%8;DI1:]W
M@FE3%N



OQ'&Z#TC$EH4
+4X/

MXU3?J(PP=M; C

)26
M71B


M3.RDN0'F.M$6JX7F4P0767H4M'YK+_ ==HCX 9
5)I






_4N_7:$_

 .O):]QE.2I?@\N']/
MLO)V
34L8VNQ[E:P!^AN%Z\U0.\BL&$G#4O7&'$\H@:(6SQ'BQ?3%X?N/:[H

XN#(N\/T-
MB:

M97QH@2T(%K
L?\N2)NBJW1(9R(R4VUDHX;!$(J16U\:%'Q4S8!5\,/.B^2D
M: V!Z;_Z;BK]Z?,EFYQ5.*B]9RY$H:3#9-!YX+WB56RDX2I[?L@I#JNZ_1G



@B3,96))O5#& AR$2.Y+2@3#<FW-4&-W: F=X)G
M?WU/^ZG'G3;SC$[F<1VS%PCN9'V
2X&^F^).M4T.M][_+13$+2Q[A2 GR

GN1'9V.K

MX@
$C4N\BAGUM&##1\7MQKF*E+ 1+(.%U!AOMF@)C4PI-;+%\-.]1%U.J
M5A(DLS3#S_B1VWN))Q;96AH=J71 P'2AIJ91AP5&'$THG O\JB;

M][$K


MJPD!IFZ$..K BSPFE$G$V)PEP4J1L=YS5W)0TJIET'D(HOI5C*0YE1J#&
A+



MBE!2[JB P&D!4OC2(X%-58?P

M




_J;



3'R\O3BVLD5/
6

YMVR7=R7 L$116J]\!MX D

6
S


< YTH==HU&PIVN4HD$(R(C/<7UTQR
;@4:AGA.2GR=76)^*_8B
M(*WO09-GDX%+$0T3;PM)CP8CID&*DJBNX 64XY8P2 B+*FZND




2_PM'?T8IN] @9EL%(WX%



2B9]MI&+_E]T'3QHU_5V2


^)6)^3N\S @6.-HDX_Q#


52E?Z##Z/=X5/0U.Q)&4UA]D)?CGSL$E0<]<P08A2EI



Y
MD.B?L;Q5CDOW'?\6#68C2G:VH*6;G4YZ=-'1<:$ $C9(J
6DC:D J;YW9EZ

M*A^H(@S%@#RG!FS:21RP3-W4)?4.V/PS/#VV;FMY/
$WNF;4;.)+@SKR.O7U
MY:-[1. MT\(KB]
MM_K6X05?!^N/'35%-BX)_S='FS
W?(&TVAZ6C'=@KA)R
POP=0W^AHVLAJZ;


MX&$7.

;_XHW;-$OS+(DC

M^SGJI

:8EV)L D%!AI
M:JF9=






ME/XUQ*T
VC6-XY-QNV%\MTQVMXV/2P.

7.^IP#NG) ^XN;</.;K\TWJ
M-//W 8GRJ_+FGS@LKK/3A]M89$)3ED]-U*7D]U, [2_@:2F^2#VDHW^]]&T


MW^$K'):$=WNG#V%21C@2UW%O;LMZHY]T22F_:513^'M*V^E6IGT61V?7TSX2
M!O-9[3

MU+





[DS;I?T2Y@O%S3;ZR#'?-9:-;VDA#F;AS.0;;D
M%!COG=L 
JGMF






MD@0C^?WDH_]15!9?R
?064)K'C;9U49Z[I:6=^';9G=0[D
)P1:Y)7N=M*OI


9O=W1\C$P$CX%V9#YT+1BI[OB@5



M/5V5LX.\KMD9'OSM8[/7M@0A+#DK5JK:FL&7E


M



MX;5.KJC/1U628DYHFI%;W:!= X15)P

MR^(X**F



]V7#Z6QD7CS-JEQ;Q





M?
%^L/O?2/7%U+.6^]AZSEO;3R*1$KAZ]K4;Z8M1PYCL/-D7X]&  &13QVIK


'4#
ML




M01SP;$$X%3.&K7:!N67\G VQ$#='^H
'VS_1NOZ5_ES_1/]S0_UR^LO_ 5!+

MIZ/!N]


MY2K 
3D\?'QW<A6:-'
M0G^+WKE$K[L[DE 7;_LZ.QW\
#A]/W &IS\[XW\X%^.;=T\S)L
%BO.O__WL


M=O^RMG[MLT\]]C








M1*[U2E--];^'J/Y&J:W@

H[]

M\A#X[C@@J

M2NETX0%U

?M
L


.7:VB;/L[SF)D].TM::-



0K2E@!@4^%E

L!.^'$ 
EHK(6LVX*D5@ 


!;;


B]WB\XLG] 5

M*O(!=\[&XTP6XA82V'8_M#$5H=PPYIL;'.^
40Q)I9EM3X(9$(TR'OJHVF1*
M;)Q7ZNV7F
*VJ\$
3I7D
 96E4O^$H3+IOX+/TABF4-(26C;R:#4OQPN@2)@






MF36H'T(ZX!CG2QB#03RGOZK=?9G#*PO;):M5D*H)!1LU25ZM; B4Z'8 H#BX
ML4$8:@?&N6%S'Y9GI[%]D
PI6&EHOVXH;ZK;KU&P:&@LKVXK %,O:W]DN%[
M8B,2'\PMI0F=H]#_(Y,F]&Y0G%LKH/S%^?8N? C-R 1:\_^I]B/@T+/R7H
M4Q6GR-^(L4(W]L(/2UHM5#K:!?65R\('75O\]0M1+[A=-W0UG*(O%-\J^=J




0;#*IVG9
[*;U3ZL#F9;]FF=2KA9K2ZAW&9N:
5AC3BRO(;HX
MUNX[&NL)S+I2\ XUC\SZ@C
*)R

5'
5\[X6S)G)S.9@J+().Q$E$836.5F9*
MYU0C)K%]R4:!22U*II =S'C9QS<H]1$./O3A(W2^V_S-IL_A%;D+?XEXKF<4
M^TNV59)X]:OM#LVEURPGC$H( .+R8]2LL3N*KDMJ^_&4-FI);#SVS=;K.T
M@1=3V+[9HRU2OC#A[=:YU0;926A]6MJIF!KJ@+&Y#Q&/DVSW K!X:N0R9<L

;UME@3G8




T]WP&FLRN

*CK;98X-
MWO+240!$L
SW&[KTMLL:MP3O


@7HC2$8#I\YNFY4*XD!JXE-K+D)X13!;8.5WIR7(E&



![HB5!;M6]G
M1)#G%


M7U4M*7%U!;$L


M$AXB&6#$BAK84X6

M 8JBR2SUIVL6X*F3 !DZ1DM

$QY

MEJ!0*


]]]D$?Z


M\35Z_
)SG:8C^7LDPN:ZV[KN$]9JFJKOUU12]K2#OD.AQ[:%(4Y_=$3H2GXW



M.\-V'WNK*JVFTD9A[
T!7]&34K?E)KJZ[?XY K5NFX2!X2O;'##EKK)RJT.8




5-I;[/'[.=Z$CE 0-
FMP%^G



M?
+4]?/M4QH#+#PRD[6+?L6I_]W+7Z&YQ=S7PKYF*W=:XBA!P3VFRS/)7 B%

M9


S/ J+)0
D0Q5HU[LY6D:


M7K('
^C^@5Y_3=N3/4 \YRF'G'*SMR2+-^Y636LR!;AMD%\L. *B_Y]VM:


4; *&$:;KU/




M?LA)?\G)?XI_N/LQ$.^=6G^)39#!=9Y$S'2C:+A#-]H ESW\)W[AFW=@0&_[
MUI'F
VR&4G6SKK9 YYX_II@RTP*:(K'U&T4= 5-7B 54KGWTP&?_^@OQ!N@T
M=6+]XE!'*(D59&L
&I0C@6<TG/X(BU<?H%GOMMX;%#)
MT]2)]9M

3@Q
M
#
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %R&GTTJ?H'.0D  )%+   1
M    01$  !A86=I+3(P
3@Q
#

M4P@  )=1   5                3Q-  !A86=I+3(P,3@Q,#,Q7V-A;YX

C Q.#$P
S%?;&%B+GAM

M  !A86=I+3(P
3@Q
#


