

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001609989-18-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180226
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001609989
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				460552933
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37510
		FILM NUMBER:		18641228
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 RIVER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 103
		CITY:			WILTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06897
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 762-9751
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 RIVER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 103
		CITY:			WILTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06897












		


Washington
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER&#160;31
BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
11 River Road
 Wilton
(Registrant&#8217;s Telephone Number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer
 accelerated filer
 smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
As of June 30
 2017
$2
171
233
The number of shares of the registrant&#8217;s common stock outstanding as of February 20
195
584
Items 10
 11
 12
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
In addition to historical information
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;)
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 which are subject to the &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; created by those sections. All statements
 other than statements of historical facts
 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. In some cases
 you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as &#8220;outlook
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; &#8220;continues
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;seeks
&#8221; &#8220;predicts
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
These statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends
 current conditions
 expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate. Any forward-looking statement is subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly
 there are
 or will be
Some of the factors that may cause actual results
 developments and business decisions to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 those described under the section entitled &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
the occurrence of any event
the inability to consummate the proposed Merger (as defined under the section entitled &#8220;Business&#8221; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) or the inability to consummate the Merger in the timeframe or manner currently anticipated
 due to the failure to satisfy any of the conditions to completion of the proposed Merger
 including that a governmental entity may prohibit
 delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the Merger
the effect of the announcement of the proposed Merger on the Company's relationships with its customers
 suppliers
We may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy on a timely basis or at all
Any damage to our reputation or our brand could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Our growth and business are dependent on trends that may change or not continue
Our business depends
 in part
If we are unable to maintain or increase prices
We may not be able to successfully complete construction of our new dry food facility
We caution you that the risks
 uncertainties and other factors referenced above may not contain all of the risks
 uncertainties and other factors that are important to you. In addition
 we cannot assure you that we will realize the results
 benefits or developments that we expect or anticipate or
 even if substantially realized
 that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our business in the way expected. There can be no assurance that (i) we have correctly measured or identified all of the factors affecting our business or the extent of these factors&#8217; likely impact
 (ii) the available information with respect to these factors on which such analysis is based is complete or accurate
 (iii) such analysis is correct or (iv) our strategy
 which is based in part on this analysis
 will be successful. All forward-looking statements in this report apply only as of the date of this report or as of the date they were made and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement
 whether as a result of new information
 future developments or otherwise
We use the terms we, us and the Company in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to refer to Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 and references to &#8220;Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc.&#8221; and the &#8220;Registrant&#8221; refer only to Blue Buffalo Pet Products
&#32;brands achieve their nutritional targets using only natural ingredients (as defined by AAFCO)
 and may include added vitamins
 minerals and other trace nutrients. All Wholesome Natural dry foods have whole meats and/or meat meals
 with the type of animal protein clearly identified
 as their principal ingredients. Wholesome Natural products (dry foods
 wet foods and treats) do not include chicken or poultry by-product meals
 which we believe pet parents do not desire. Wholesome Natural products also do not rely on grain proteins
 such as corn gluten meal
 wheat gluten and soybean meal
as principal sources of protein
 as grain proteins have a narrower array of amino acids compared to animal proteins. In addition
 these products also do not use corn
 wheat
 soy or fractionated grains
 such as brewer&#8217;s rice
&#32;brands achieve their nutritional targets without fulfilling all the requirements of the Wholesome Natural market segment. They typically do not contain whole meat or meat meal as their principal ingredients and/or they use lower cost proteins (such as chicken by-product meal
 corn gluten meal or wheat gluten) and lower-cost starches (such as corn
&#32;brands are owned by retailers. While the vast majority of Private Label products fall within the Engineered market segment
 some Private Label products fall within the Wholesome Natural market segment based on their ingredients. However
 consistent with retail industry practice
 market data providers do not identify the specific Private Label SKUs. As a result
&#32;brands are formulated to support treatment for certain medical conditions and are prescribed by veterinarians. Certain Therapeutic pet foods that claim to diagnose
 cure
 mitigate or prevent diseases are regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
 or FDA
 as animal drugs rather than as pet food
 and are subject to FDA pre-market approval. In light of this regulatory process and the distinct veterinary channel
 or Vet
 for the sale of Therapeutic pet foods
&#8220;Tracked Channels&#8221; refers to stores and other outlets within channels in which a third-party industry source collects and reports sales data on an ongoing basis with stock keeping unit
 or SKU
 level detail. In our industry
 Tracked Channels include Food-Drug-Mass
 or FDM
 included in Nielsen&#8217;s xAOC data
 as well as pet stores (including national pet superstores
&#8220;Untracked Channels&#8221; refers to stores and other outlets within channels in which no third-party industry source collects and reports sales data on an ongoing basis with SKU level detail. In our industry
 Untracked Channels include FDM retailers that do not participate in Nielsen tracking (e.g.
 Costco and Whole Foods)
 farm and feed stores
 eCommerce retailers
This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes our trademarks
 trade names and service marks
 such as &#8220;Blue Buffalo
&#8221; &#8220;LifeSource Bits
&#8221; &#8220;Life Protection Formula
&#8221; &#8220;BLUE Basics
&#8221; &#8220;BLUE Freedom
&#8221; &#8220;BLUE Wilderness
&#8221; and &#8220;BLUE Natural Veterinary Diet
&#8221; as well as the BLUE shield logo
 the Blue Buffalo figure logo and the tag line &#8220;Love them like family. Feed them like family.&#8221; which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and are our property. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains trademarks
 trade names and service marks of other companies
 which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience
 trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may appear without the &#174;
 TM or SM symbols
 but such references are not intended to indicate
 in any way
 that we will not assert
 to the fullest extent under applicable law
 our rights or the right of the applicable licensor to these trademarks
 trade names and service marks. We do not intend our use or display of other parties&#8217; trademarks
 trade names or service marks to imply
display should not be construed to imply
 a relationship with
 or endorsement or sponsorship of us by
We may use our website (www.bluebuffalo.com) and our corporate Facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/BlueBuffalo) as channels of distribution of Company information. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly
 investors should monitor these channels
 in addition to following our press releases
 Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of our website and social media channel are not
 however
Proposed Merger with General Mills
On February 22
 2018
 Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc.
 General Mills
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#8220;GMI&#8221;)
 and Bravo Merger Corp.
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of GMI (&#8220;Merger Sub&#8221;)
 entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;)
 pursuant to which
 on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement
 GMI agreed to acquire the Company for $40.00 per common share
On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement
 Merger Sub will merge with and into the Registrant (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;)
 with the Registrant continuing as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of GMI
 and our common stock will be delisted from the NASDAQ Stock Market. At the effective time of the Merger
 each share of our common stock (other than shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock held by GMI
 Merger Sub or any other wholly-owned subsidiary of GMI
 shares owned by the Company (including shares held in treasury) or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries
The boards of directors of each of GMI and the Registrant have approved the Merger Agreement and holders of more than 50% of the Registrant&#8217;s outstanding shares have approved the transaction. While no other approval of the Registrant&#8217;s Board of Directors or shareholders is required to complete the transaction
We are one of the fastest growing major pet food companies in the United States
 selling dog and cat food made with whole meats
 fruits and vegetables
 and other high-quality
 natural ingredients. BLUE is a billion dollar brand and is the #1 brand in the Wholesome Natural market segment. We currently have approximately 7% share of the U.S. pet food market and feed only 3% of the 184&#160;million pets in the United States. With a proven new user acquisition strategy
We believe we have built an exceptional company with a breakthrough brand and an innovative business model
 backed by our mission and our belief in a large unmet consumer demand for pet food with high-quality
Today
 Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. (&#8220;BBPP&#8221;
 and together with its subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;its
subsidiary
 Blue Buffalo Company
 Ltd. (&#8220;Blue&#8221;) and its subsidiaries.  Blue was originally formed in August 2002 as a limited liability company under the name The Blue Buffalo Company
 LLC. In December 2006
 Blue converted into a corporation under the name Blue Buffalo Company
 Ltd. In July 2012
 we undertook a corporate reorganization and exchanged the stock of Blue for the stock of BBPP
 a newly formed Delaware corporation. As part of the corporate reorganization
 BBPP established another Delaware corporation
 Blue Pet Products
 Inc.
&#32;in retail sales in 2017. According to Euromonitor
&#32;in additional retail sales outside the United States in 2017
&#32;between 2007 and 2017
 which represents a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 
 based on data from Euromonitor. The industry growth over this period has been fueled by the &#8220;humanization&#8221; of pets
 as pets are increasingly regarded as family members. This humanization trend has led pet parents to increasingly evaluate pet foods in the same way they scrutinize their own food choices. As more pet parents seek better
 more wholesome options for themselves
 they also seek these types of options for their pets. As a result
 a significant number of pet parents have demonstrated a willingness to pay a premium for pet food that they believe will enhance the well-being of their pets. The higher demand for natural food products and more specialized formulas for different life-stages
 breed sizes
 special needs and diet types has fueled premiumization in the industry
We have the broadest portfolio of products of any natural pet food brand in the United States. Our tailored product offerings enable our pet parents to satisfy their pet&#8217;s specific dietary
 lifestyle and life-stage needs
 offering them no-compromise product solutions. We also have a broad product portfolio across different product types
 diet types
 breed sizes for dogs
 lifestages
 flavors
We operate our business on the basis of one reportable operating segment. For more information on our operating segment reporting
 as well as financial information about geographic areas
Our product portfolio enjoys a strong base of existing products
 combined with a strong track record of significant and incremental new product introductions. We have a multi-year product development funnel we use to plan and manage our product development engine. Once a concept passes our screening criteria
 we believe we can bring new products to the market significantly faster than our major competitors as a result of our singular focus on the Wholesome Natural market segment and our integrated in-house marketing
We have five product lines under our master BLUE brand. Each of our product lines has a different nutritional philosophy and distinct personality. We continue to deepen each product line with new products
&#9642; BLUE Life Protection Formula &#8211; introduced in 2003
 this is our original and largest product line with the broadest flavor
&#9642; BLUE Wilderness &#8211; introduced in 2007
 this is our high-meat
 high-protein
&#9642; BLUE Basics &#8211; introduced in 2010
&#9642; BLUE Freedom &#8211; introduced in 2012
&#9642; BLUE Natural Veterinary Diet &#8211; introduced in 2015
 this is our line of Therapeutic diets for pets
We sell our products in the United States
 Canada
 Japan
 and Mexico. The majority of our net sales are in the United States. In 2017
BLUE products are sold in specialty channels
 including national pet superstore chains
 regional pet store chains
 neighborhood pet stores
 farm and feed stores
 eCommerce retailers
 military outlets
 hardware stores
 and veterinary clinics and hospitals
Historically
 we only sold our products directly to retailers in the specialty channels and through distributors that focus on the specialty channels. On August 1
 2017
 we announced the introduction of our BLUE Life Protection Formula product line to a limited number of select grocery and mass retailers in the FDM channel in the United States. Throughout 2017 we expanded
 and we expect to continue to expand
 our distribution in the FDM channel. In 2017
&#32;of U.S. pet food sales
. Specialty channels include a diverse set of retailers with over 20
000 stores (which includes national pet superstore chains (i.e.
 PetSmart and Petco
 including their websites)
 regional pet store chains (e.g.
 Pet Supplies Plus
 Pet Supermarket
 Petsense and Pet Valu)
 neighborhood pet stores
 farm and feed stores (e.g.
 Tractor Supply Company and Mid-States)
 eCommerce retailers (e.g.
 Amazon
 Chewy (a subsidiary of PetSmart) and Petflow)
 military outlets
 hardware stores and 25
000 veterinary clinics. We historically chose to sell BLUE exclusively in the specialty channels as we believe these channels provided an optimal environment for us to interact with and educate pet parents and helped to position BLUE as a premium brand
 and because retailers in these channels dedicate more shelf space to pet food
market model that will allow us to reach more pet parents and feed more pets. Pet food sales in specialty channels have grown faster than pet food sales in the FDM channel for the past 20 years as a result of the expansion of the channel and its pet focused environment and superior product selection. While we expect growth of pet food sales in the specialty channels to continue to outpace growth in FDM due to rapid growth in eCommerce retailers
 the gap between the channels is narrowing. We have experienced significant growth in our net sales to eCommerce retailers
 and these sales have continued to grow faster than our net sales to national pet superstores. In fact
Whether we sell our products directly to retailers or through distributors primarily depends on the size of the account and whether the account has account-operated distribution centers for its own outlets. We review accounts on a regular basis and may re-designate them as a direct or distributor account depending on our cost-to-serve them
 trends in their business and channel and changes in their distribution capabilities. The majority of our products are sold directly to retailers. Our direct accounts include large national and regional chains with their own distribution capability
 such as PetSmart
 Petco
 Tractor Supply Company
 Pet Supermarket
 Target
 Kroger
 Meijer
 and Publix
 as well as larger eCommerce retailers. In 2017
&#32;of our net sales were generated from sales to PetSmart (including Chewy.com as of an estimated acquisition date of June 1
 2017) and Petco. We also experienced significant growth in our net sales to eCommerce retailers in 2017 and expect those sales to continue to increase both in absolute terms and as a percentage of net sales. If we were to lose any of these key customers
 our business
Most of our retailers in the regional and neighborhood specialty channel and the farm and feed store channel are served through our distributors. We have multiple distributors in most of our geographic areas. These distributors specialize in
 and typically carry a wide assortment
 of pet products. We believe we are one of their largest brands. Our distributors provide mainly logistics services and limited in-field sales support
 with sales and account acquisition being driven primarily by us and through in-bound interest directly from retailers. From time to time
Our sales teams are organized by the type of retail accounts they sell to in order to optimize sales strategies and tools. Our National Accounts Team services large national chains
 our Regional Accounts Team services regional pet store chains
 neighborhood pet stores and farm and feed stores
 our eCommerce Team services retail accounts
 and our FDM Team serves our grocery and mass accounts with the support of a retail broker. These teams share a sales operations team
 which assists them with planning
 fulfillment
 sales and market analytics and pet parent relations. We also have a Regional Accounts field sales force
In addition
 we deploy our Pet Detectives
 part-time pet-passionate team members
 to help us fulfill our mission to educate fellow pet parents about pet nutrition. Pet Detectives interact with pet parents one-on-one as they shop for pet food in our retail partners nationwide
 as well as in Canada
 Mexico and Japan. Our Pet Detective program serves as an educational marketing and sales platform as it is a resource for both pet parents already feeding their pets BLUE and pet parents currently feeding their pets other pet food brands. The Pet Detectives allow us to engage pet parents with our brand story
Our products
 including those sold outside of the U.S.
 are currently manufactured through a hybrid network of owned and contracted manufacturing facilities and distributed from owned and contracted distribution centers. We currently operate a dry food production facility in Joplin
 Missouri (the &#8220;Joplin Dry Food Facility&#8221;)
 which provided us with approximately 55% of our dry food production needs in 2017. The Joplin Dry Food Facility and our dry food manufacturing facility in Richmond
 Indiana (the &#8220;Heartland Richmond Facility
&#8221;) which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2018
 are expected to initially provide us with approximately 60% of our dry food production needs and expand up to approximately 85% of our dry food production needs over the next several years. In addition
 we recently commenced operations at our first treats facility
 which is adjacent to our existing facility in Joplin (the &#8220;Joplin Treats Facility&#8221;
 together with the Joplin Dry Food Facility
 &#8220;The Heartland Joplin Facilities&#8221;
 and collectively with the Heartland Richmond Facility
Our business arrangements with our third party contracted manufacturing facilities vary by contract manufacturing partner. With our largest
 core contract manufacturers
 we typically have multi-year contracts in place that guarantee an amount of monthly production capacity and annual or multi-year fixed tolling charges
 while assuring the contract manufacturer a minimum order volume on a monthly or quarterly basis. This arrangement allows the contract manufacturer to achieve efficiencies in managing its facility
 while assuring us of the capacity we need to meet our growing volume requirements. With contract manufacturers with whom we do not have multi-year contracts
 we typically have commitments of capacity based on a rolling three months forecast. We work closely with each of our manufacturing partners and provide them with a rolling production forecast
Our natural ingredients are sourced primarily from suppliers in the United States. Our procurement team is responsible for assuring ingredient supply and pricing to meet forecasted demand. We contract and ensure availability directly with suppliers for most of the major ingredients in our dry foods
 whether manufactured by us at our Heartland facilities or by our contract manufacturers. All supplier facilities then go through our rigorous quality qualification process based on our ingredient specifications before any ingredients are shipped. The manufacturing facilities in our manufacturing network then purchase these ingredients from suppliers approved by us on the terms we negotiated. This has allowed us to consolidate ingredient sourcing across our manufacturing network in order to negotiate favorable pricing and consistency on ingredients for dry foods
 which make up the majority of our product portfolio. For wet foods and treats
 our contract manufacturers negotiate directly with suppliers approved by us and purchase ingredients directly based on our specifications. We have detailed specifications for raw materials used in all of our products. In all cases
 we purchase finished products from the contract manufacturers predominantly on a cost-plus basis. We pay our contract manufacturers on a dollar-per-pound basis for dry foods and dollar-per-unit basis for wet foods and treats. These arrangements allow us to control the cost structure of our products. At our Heartland Facilities
Our research and development and product development teams work together to develop natural products that we
 as pet parents
For example
 developing and managing the shelf life of products is more difficult when using only natural preservatives. In addition
 wheat
 which is a &#8220;natural&#8221; ingredient
 is a low-cost but effective food binder that is commonly used in the pet food industry. Since we do not use wheat in any of our products
 we have developed know-how and expertise in the use of ingredients other than wheat to act as food binders. Our research and development team
 staffed with animal nutritionists with PhDs and food scientists
 works on new technologies
 formulations and testing. Our product development team provides consumer and market insight
 as well as project management leadership. Working together with our in-house advertising and marketing agency
 the two teams develop and launch new products and improve our existing products. We also work with external technical experts and suppliers to help us stay at the forefront of technological developments and advancements. In 2017
 2016 and 2015
 our total research and development expenses were 
 
 respectively. These expenses include personnel costs
The pet food industry is highly competitive. We compete on the basis of product quality and palatability
 brand awareness and loyalty
 product variety and ingredients
 interesting product names
 product packaging and package design
 shelf space (both online and in-store)
 reputation
 price and promotional efforts. Our main competitors are large CPG companies with long histories and well-recognized brands. Companies with major pet food businesses include Nestl&#233;
 Mars
 the J.M. Smucker Company (owner of Big Heart Pet Brands
The pet food industry is highly fragmented at the brand level
&#32;in 2017. Our major competitors typically follow a brand portfolio approach with each brand often having distinct positioning by species and/or product type. Unlike most of our competitors
Over the last decade
 all of our major competitors and many independent companies have also entered or have attempted to benefit from the fast-growing Wholesome Natural market segment through new brand introductions
 brand extensions and/or acquisitions. These attempts have included entries directly into the Wholesome Natural market segment
 as well as launching brands and products that have some but not all of the Wholesome Natural market segment&#8217;s characteristics. Most of the pet food brands we compete with in the Wholesome Natural market segment
 such as the Wellness and Taste of the Wild brands
 are not owned by major pet food companies but are instead owned by other pet food companies such as WellPet and Diamond Pet Foods
 respectively. In 2017
In 2017
&#32;in the United States and continued to grow at a higher rate than the overall pet food market. We believe there are significant barriers-to-entry to the Therapeutic market segment as it requires significant research and development expertise and investment
 the ability to reach veterinary clinics through a separate sales force and distribution network
 and compliance with specific FDA regulatory requirements and processes. After investing significant time and resources
 we entered this market segment in 2015 with differentiated natural Therapeutic pet food products.  Due to the significant barriers-to-entry
 other than us
Our company culture is an integral part of our strategy and one of our founding objectives is being a great place to work. We have a strong and dedicated team of employees we refer to as &#8220;the Herd
&#8221; where each one of us is a &#8220;Buff.&#8221; Our company culture is built on entrepreneurship
 collaboration
 a commitment to Blue Buffalo&#8217;s mission
 a competitive spirit and a friendly
December&#160;31
 2017
 we employed approximately 1
800 Buffs
 including full-time and part-time Buffs
We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed significantly to the success of our business. Our primary trademarks include &#8220;Blue Buffalo
&#8221; &#8220;LifeSource Bits
&#8221; &#8220;Life Protection Formula
&#8221; &#8220;BLUE Basics
&#8221; &#8220;BLUE Freedom
&#8221; &#8220;BLUE Wilderness
&#8221; &#8220;BLUE Natural Veterinary Diet
&#8221; the BLUE shield logo and the Blue Buffalo figure logo
 each of which is registered or has a trademark registration pending with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Blue shield design logo is also registered or has a trademark registration pending in Canada
 Mexico
 Japan
 Europe
 Russia
 China
 Australia and approximately 28 other countries or registries. We also have numerous other trademark registrations and pending applications for product names and tag lines that are essential to our branding. Our trademarks are valuable assets that reinforce the distinctiveness of our brand and our consumers&#8217; favorable perception of our products. The current registrations of these trademarks in the United States and foreign countries are effective for varying periods of time and may be renewed periodically
 provided that we
 as the registered owner
 or our licensees where applicable
 comply with all applicable renewal requirements including
 where necessary
 the continued use of the trademarks in connection with similar goods. In addition to trademark protection
 we own numerous URL designations
 including www.bluebuffalo.com and www.bluesbuddies.com. We also rely on and carefully protect unpatented proprietary expertise
 recipes and formulations
Blue Buffalo
 along with its contract manufacturers
 distributors and ingredients and packaging suppliers
 is subject to extensive regulation in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA)
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
 as well as state and local agencies
 with respect to registrations
 production processes
 product attributes
 packaging
 labeling
The FDA&#8217;s Center for Veterinary Medicine
 or CVM
 regulates animal feed
 including pet food
 under the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 or FFDCA
 and its implementing regulations. Although pet foods are not required to obtain premarket approval from the FDA
 any substance that is added to or is expected to become a component of a pet food must be used in accordance with a food additive regulation
 unless it is generally recognized as safe
 or GRAS
 under the conditions of its intended use. A food additive regulation may be obtained through the submission of a food additive petition to the FDA demonstrating that a food additive is safe for its intended use and has utility. Use of a food ingredient that is neither GRAS nor an approved food additive may cause a food to be adulterated
The labeling of pet foods is regulated by both the FDA and some state regulatory authorities. FDA regulations require proper identification of the product
 a net quantity statement
 a statement of the name and place of business of the manufacturer or distributor
 and proper listing of all the ingredients in order of predominance by weight. The FDA also considers certain specific claims on pet food labels to be medical claims and therefore subject to prior review and approval by the FDA. These include claims such as &#8220;hairball control&#8221; and &#8220;urinary tract health.&#8221; We currently produce pet food products
 such as cat food with hairball management claims
 which undergo FDA premarket review. In addition
 the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 requires the FDA to establish ingredient standards and definitions for pet food
 processing standards for pet food
We currently produce products
 such as those in our BLUE Natural Veterinary Diet line
 which may provide all or most of the nutrients in support of an animal&#8217;s total daily nutrient needs but are also labeled and marketed with claims that may suggest that they are intended to treat or prevent disease
 thereby potentially meeting the statutory definitions of both a food and a drug. In the past
 the FDA has generally exercised discretion with regard to enforcement of the regulatory requirements applicable to animal drugs in the context of dog and cat foods (i) that provided nutrients in support of the animal&#8217;s total required daily nutrient needs
 (ii) that were distributed only through licensed veterinarians
 and (iii) with respect to which manufacturers restricted labeling claims. However
 noting an increase in the number of dog and cat foods labeled as being intended for use in the diagnosis
 cure
 mitigation
 treatment or prevention of disease
 and noting that animal health may suffer when such products are not subject to pre-market FDA approval and are provided in the absence of a valid veterinarian-client-patient relationship
 the FDA recently issued guidance containing a list of specific factors it will consider in determining whether to initiate enforcement action against products that satisfy the definitions of both an animal food and an animal drug
 but which do not comply with the regulatory requirements applicable to animal drugs. These include
 among other things
 whether the product is only made available through or under the direction of a veterinarian and does not present a known safety risk when used as labeled. While we believe that we market our products in compliance with the policy articulated in the FDA&#8217;s guidance and in other claim-specific guidance
 the FDA may disagree or may classify some of our products differently than we do
 and may impose more stringent regulations applicable to animal drugs
 such as requirements for pre-market approval and compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices
 or GMPs
 for the manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. In addition
 we may produce more products that may be subject to FDA pre-market review
Under Section&#160;423 of the FFDCA
 the FDA may require the recall of an animal feed product if there is a reasonable probability that the product is adulterated or misbranded and the use of or exposure to the product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death. In addition
 pet food manufacturers may voluntarily recall or withdraw their products from the market. We have in the past issued limited voluntary recalls of products that we considered did not meet our standards
 whether for palatability
 appearance or otherwise
Most states also enforce their own labeling regulations
 many of which are based on model definitions and guidelines developed by AAFCO. AAFCO is a voluntary
 non-governmental membership association of local
 state and federal agencies that are charged with regulation of the sale and distribution of animal feed
 including pet foods. The degree of oversight of the implementation of these regulations varies by state
Most states require that pet foods distributed in the state be registered or licensed with the appropriate state regulatory agency. In addition
 most facilities that manufacture
 process
 pack
 or hold foods
 including pet foods
 must register with the FDA and must renew their registration every two years. This includes most foreign facilities
 as well as domestic facilities. Registration must occur before the facility begins its pet food manufacturing
 processing
In 2011
 the Food Safety Modernization Act
 or FSMA
 was enacted. The FSMA mandates
 among other things
 that the FDA adopt preventative controls to be implemented by pet food facilities in order to minimize or prevent hazards to food safety. Under the FSMA
 the FDA finalized the Current Good Manufacturing Practice
 Hazard Analysis
 and Risk-Based Preventive Controls for Food for Animals
 or CGMP
 on September&#160;17
 2015. The final rule has staggered compliance dates based on the business size. There are two components of the final rule with different compliance dates including CGMP requirements and the Preventive Controls. Blue Buffalo was required to be in compliance with the CGMP by September 2016 and was required to be in compliance with the Preventive Controls by September 2017. The FDA also finalized the Foreign Supplier Verification Program (FSVP) on November&#160;27
 2015
 with a compliance date of July 2017. The third relevant regulation is the Sanitary Transportation of Human and Animal Food
 which had a compliance date of April 6
We also are subject to the laws of Canada
 Mexico and Japan
 as well as provincial and local regulations
 with regard to products exported to those jurisdictions. In Canada
 we are subject to regulation and oversight by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency and other provincial and local agencies. In Mexico
 we are subject to regulation and oversight by the Secretariat of Agriculture
 Livestock
 Rural Development
 Fisheries and Food
 or SAGARPA
 the National Service of Health
 Food Safety and Quality
 or SENASICA
 which is an administrative body of SAGARPA and other state and local agencies. In Japan
 we are subject to regulation and oversight by the Ministry of Agriculture
 Forestry and Fisheries
 the Ministry of the Environment and other local agencies. As we enter into new foreign markets
 we will be subject to similar laws and regulation
 and oversight by foreign governmental and regulatory agencies
We are subject to certain state and federal employee safety and employment practices regulations
 including regulations issued pursuant to the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act
governing prohibited workplace discriminatory practices and conditions. These regulations require us to comply with certain manufacturing safety standards
 including protecting our employees from accidents
As a result of our pet food manufacturing and packaging activities
 we at our Heartland Facilities
 and we and our contract manufacturers at their facilities
 are subject to federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations. These govern
 among other things
 air emissions
 wastewater and stormwater discharges
 and the treatment
In connection with our operations at our Heartland Facilities
 we are subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and certain state and local agencies which may inspect the facility and regulate health and safety issues. Operation at the Heartland Joplin Facilities also subjects us to regulation by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources and local planning
 zoning and health agencies and upcoming operations at the Heartland Richmond Facility will subject us to regulation by the Indiana Department of Environmental Management. The Heartland Facilities must also be registered with the FDA
 and will need to comply with the applicable requirements established under the FDA&#8217;s final rules regarding Manufacturing Practice
 Hazard Analysis
Our Internet address is www.bluebuffalo.com. We are not including the information contained on our website as part of
 or incorporating it by reference into
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K. On our website
 we make available
 free of charge
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 proxy statements
 director and officer reports on Forms 3
 4
 and 5
 and any amendments to these reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;). Our SEC reports can be accessed through the investor relations section of our website. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. We also make available on our website our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
 our Corporate Governance Principles
 and the charters for the Compensation and Audit Committees of the Board of Directors. Our SEC filings are also available for reading and copying at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition
 the SEC maintains an Internet site
 www.sec.gov
 containing reports
 proxy and information statements
You should carefully consider each of the following risk factors as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating our Company and our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also impact our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur
 our business
The pending Merger with GMI is contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions
 may require significant time and attention of our management
On February 22
 2018
 the Registrant entered into the Merger Agreement
 pursuant to which
 on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement
 GMI will purchase our common stock for cash consideration. The Merger Agreement generally requires us to operate our business in the ordinary course pending consummation of the proposed Merger and restricts us
 without GMI&#8217;s consent
 from taking certain specified actions until the Merger is completed. These restrictions may affect our ability to execute our business strategies and attain our financial and other goals and may impact our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. In addition
We currently anticipate that we will close the Merger during the second quarter of 2018
 but we cannot be certain when or if the conditions for the Merger will be satisfied or waived. The Merger cannot be completed until the conditions are satisfied or waived
 including the receipt of required antitrust and other regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Satisfying the conditions to the closing of the Merger may take longer than we expect. In the event that the Merger is not completed for any reason
 the holders of our common stock will not receive any payment for their shares of our common stock in connection with the proposed Merger. Instead
 we will remain an independent public company and holders of our common stock will continue to own their shares of our common stock. If the Merger is not completed for any reason
Whether or not we complete the Merger
 our ongoing businesses may be adversely affected and we may be subject to certain risks and consequences as a result of pursuing the Merger
 including
 among others
execution of the proposed Merger will require significant time and attention from management
parties with which we have business relationships may experience uncertainty as to the future of such relationships and may delay or defer certain business decisions
we could be subject to litigation related to the proposed Merger
we will be required to pay significant costs and expenses relating to the Merger
 such as legal
 accounting and other professional fees
we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets
In addition to the foregoing
 the amount of the per share merger consideration to be paid in cash pursuant to the Merger Agreement is fixed and will not be increased for changes in our business
 assets
 liabilities
 prospects
 outlook
 financial condition or results of operation or in the event of any change in the market price of
 analyst estimates of
 or projections relating to
Our future success depends
 in large part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding distribution and improving placement of our products in the stores of our retail partners
 attracting new consumers to our brand
 and introducing new products and product line extensions and expanding into new markets. Our ability to implement this growth strategy depends
 among other things
maintain and
 to the extent necessary
 improve our high standards for product quality
continue successfully to expand our internal manufacturing capabilities
identify and successfully enter
 and market our products in
We may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy and may need to change our strategy. If we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful
 our business
The growth of our business depends on our ability to predict accurately consumer trends and demand and successfully introduce new products and product line extensions
Our growth depends
 in part
 on our ability successfully to introduce new products and product line extensions and improve and reposition our existing products to meet the requirements of pet parents and the dietary needs of their pets. This
 in turn
 depends on our ability to predict and respond to evolving consumer trends
 demands and preferences. The development and introduction of innovative new products and product line extensions involve considerable costs. In addition
 it may be difficult to establish new supplier relationships and determine appropriate product selection when developing a new product or product line extension. Any new product or product line extension may not generate sufficient customer interest and sales to become a profitable product or to cover the costs of its development and promotion and may reduce our operating income. In addition
 any such unsuccessful effort may adversely affect our brand. If we are not able to anticipate
 identify or develop and market products that respond to changes in requirements and preferences of pet parents and their pets or if our new product introductions or repositioned products fail to gain consumer acceptance
 we may not grow our business as anticipated
 our sales may decline and our business
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. If our retail prices were to increase due to a price increase by us or by price increases or lower promotions by our retailer partners
Any damage to our reputation or our brand could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Maintaining our strong reputation with consumers
 our retail partners and our suppliers is critical to our success. Our brand may suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives are not successful. The importance of our brand may increase if competitors offer more products with formulations similar to ours. Price competition between retailers may drive our retail prices down and may adversely impact our brand equity and reputation among consumers and/or retailers. Further
 our brand may be negatively impacted due to real or perceived quality issues or if consumers perceive us as being untruthful in our marketing and advertising
 even if such perceptions are not accurate. Product contamination
 the failure to maintain high standards for product quality
 safety and integrity
 including raw materials and ingredients obtained from suppliers
 or allegations of product quality issues
 mislabeling or contamination
 even if untrue or caused by our third-party contract manufacturers or raw material suppliers
 may reduce demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. We maintain guidelines and procedures to ensure the quality
 safety and integrity of our products. However
 we may be unable to detect or prevent product and/or ingredient quality issues
 mislabeling or contamination
 particularly in instances of fraud or attempts to cover up or obscure deviations from our guidelines and procedures. If any of our products become unfit for consumption
 cause injury or are mislabeled
 we may have to engage in a product recall and/or be subject to liability. Damage to our reputation or our brand or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these or other reasons could result in decreased demand for our products and our business
Our growth and business are dependent on trends that may change or not continue
The growth of the overall pet food industry depends primarily on the continuance of current trends in humanization of pets and premiumization of pet foods as well as on general economic conditions
 the size of the pet population and average dog size. The growth of the Wholesome Natural market segment and our business
 in particular
 depends on the continuance of such humanization and premiumization trends and health and wellness trends. We also benefit from growth rates in the channels in which we participate
 such as pet superstores
 food and mass stores
 farm and feed stores and eCommerce. These trends may not continue or may change. For example
 pet superstores have recently experienced reduced foot traffic and reduced sales. We believe that these trends may continue
 which would result in a decline in our growth rate unless offset by growth in other channels and accounts. In addition
 in the event of a decline in the overall number or average size of pets
 a change in the humanization
 premiumization or health and wellness trends or during challenging economic times
 we may be unable to persuade our customers and consumers to purchase our branded products instead of lower-priced products
 and our business
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and our growth rate may slow or stop. In addition
 while we expect that our net sales will continue to increase
The United States and other countries have experienced
 and may in the future experience
 challenging economic conditions. Our business
materially adversely affected by a challenging economic climate
 including adverse changes in interest rates
 volatile commodity markets and inflation
 contraction in the availability of credit in the market and reductions in consumer spending. In addition
 a slow-down in the general economy or a shift in consumer preferences for economic reasons or otherwise to regional
 local or Private Label products or other less expensive products may result in reduced demand for our products which may affect our profitability. The keeping of pets and the purchase of pet-related products may constitute discretionary spending for some of our consumers and any material decline in the amount of consumer discretionary spending may reduce overall levels of pet ownership or spending on pets. As a result
 a challenging economic climate may cause a decline in demand for our products which could be disproportionate as compared to competing pet food brands since our products command a price premium. In addition
 we cannot predict how current or worsening economic conditions will affect our retail partners
 suppliers and distributors. If economic conditions result in decreased spending on pets and have a negative impact on our retail partners
 suppliers or distributors
 our business
Our business depends
 in part
Due to the highly competitive nature of our industry
 we must effectively and efficiently promote and market our products through television
 internet and print advertisements as well as trade promotions and incentives to sustain our competitive position in our market. Marketing investments may be costly. In addition
 we may
 from time to time
 change our marketing strategies and spending
 including the timing or nature of our trade promotions and incentives. We may also change our marketing strategies and spending in response to actions by our competitors and other pet food companies. The sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing and trade promotions and incentives are important to our ability to retain and/or improve our market share and margins. If our marketing and trade promotions and incentives are not successful or if we fail to implement sufficient and effective marketing and trade promotions and incentives or adequately respond to changes in our competitors&#8217; marketing strategies
 our business
If we are unable to maintain or increase prices
Our success depends in part upon our ability to persuade consumers to purchase our branded products
 which generally command a price premium as compared to prices of Engineered and Private Label products. Some products in the Engineered market segment may be labeled as &#8220;natural&#8221; in accordance with the AAFCO regulatory definition even though they do not satisfy all the requirements of the Wholesome Natural market segment. These products are often priced lower than ours and even if we do not increase prices
 consumers may choose to purchase such products instead of ours
We rely in part on price increases to offset cost increases and improve the profitability of our business. Our ability to maintain prices or effectively implement price increases may be affected by a number of factors
 including competition
 effectiveness of our marketing programs
 the continuing strength of our brand
 market demand and general economic conditions
 including inflationary pressures. In particular
 in response to increased promotional activity by other pet food companies
 we have in the past increased
 and may in the future increase
 our promotional spending
promotion
 results in a lower average price per pound for our products and adversely impacts our gross margins. In addition
 evolving customer dynamics in the grocery and mass channels may require us to increase our promotional spending in these channels
During challenging economic times
 consumers may be less willing or able to pay a price premium for our branded products and may shift purchases to lower-priced or other value offerings
 making it more difficult for us to maintain prices and/or effectively implement price increases. In addition
 our retail partners and distributors may pressure us to rescind price increases that we have announced or already implemented
 whether through a change in list price or increased promotional activity. If we are unable to maintain or increase prices for our products or must increase promotional activity
 our margins may be adversely affected. Furthermore
 price increases generally result in volume losses
 as consumers purchase fewer units. If such losses are greater than expected or if we lose distribution due to a price increase
 our business
If our products are alleged to cause injury or illness or fail to comply with governmental regulations
Our products may be exposed to product recalls
 including voluntary recalls or withdrawals
 if they are alleged to cause or pose a risk of injury or illness or if they are alleged to have been mislabeled
 misbranded or adulterated or to otherwise be in violation of governmental regulations. We may also voluntarily recall or withdraw products that we consider do not meet our standards
 whether for palatability
 appearance or otherwise
 in order to protect our brand and reputation. For example
 over the past three years
 we issued five voluntary recalls
 four of which were the result of errors occurring at third-party suppliers. These recalls resulted in a reduction to net sales and the incurrence of incremental expenses. If there is any future product recall or withdrawal that results in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 destruction of product inventory
 damage to our reputation or lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time
 our business
We also may be subject to product liability claims if the consumption or use of our products is alleged to cause injury or illness. While we carry product liability insurance
 our insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we may incur in connection with product liability claims. For example
 punitive damages are generally not covered by insurance. In addition
 we may not be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance
 obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost
 if at all
 or secure additional coverage
 which may result in future product liability claims being uninsured. If there is a product liability judgment against us or a settlement agreement related to a product liability claim
 our business
We sell our products to retail partners and distributors in specialty channels and recently commenced selling our products to grocery and mass retailers in the FDM channel. Our two largest retail partners
 PetSmart (including Chewy.com as of an estimated acquisition date of June 1
 2017) and Petco
 accounted for 41% and 18% of our net sales for the year ended December 31
 2017
 41% and 22% of our net sales for the year ended December 31
 2016
 and 46% and 24% of our net sales for the year ended December 31
 2015
 respectively. For the year ended December 31
 2017
growth in our net sales to eCommerce retailers and are becoming increasingly dependent on such retailers. If we were to lose any of our key customers
 if any of our retail partners reduce the amount of their orders or if any of our key customers consolidate
 reduce their store footprint and/or gain greater market power
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. In addition
 national pet superstores have experienced reduced store traffic. If pet superstores continue to experience reduced store traffic
 or experience any operational difficulties
In addition
 we do not enter into contracts with national pet superstores
 eCommerce retailers
 grocery and mass retailers
 and certain other large retailers
 that obligate them to buy
 or us to sell
 our products
 and we do not have long-term contracts with our other customers. As a result
 we rely on our consumers&#8217; continuing demand for our products and our position in the market for all purchase orders. We also rely on our retail partners carrying a broad selection of our products and working with us to execute in-store sales and marketing programs in order to differentiate our brands and drive consumer demand. If our retail partners or distributors are not satisfied with their margins on BLUE products due to changes in their expectations or due to changes to pricing strategies by us
 our sales could decrease and our business
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. We may be similarly negatively impacted if our retail partners change their pricing and margin expectations or business strategies as a result of our decision to expand distribution into grocery and mass retailers in the FDM channel
 industry consolidation or otherwise
 including a reduction or restriction of our in-store programs (both online and offline)
 a reduction in the number of brands they carry
 a reduction or even elimination of the shelf space
There is limited available manufacturing capacity that meets our quality standards. Our current plans to meet expected production needs rely in large part on successful ongoing operations at our Joplin Dry Food Facility and our new Heartland Richmond Facility and Joplin Treats Facility. Our Joplin Dry Food Facility may not
 however
 continue to operate in accordance with our expectations
We have agreements with a network of contract manufacturers that require them to provide us with specific finished products. Most of our agreements with our contract manufacturers automatically renew for consecutive one-year terms until notice of non-renewal is given. Upon expiration of our existing agreements with these contract manufacturers
 or if our contract manufacturers were to merge or get acquired
During the years ended December&#160;31
 2017
 2016 and 2015 approximately 
 41%
 and 
 respectively
contract manufacturer and certain of our treats are also manufactured by single-source contract manufacturers. The manufacture of our products may not be easily transferable to other sites in the event that any of our contract manufacturers experience breakdown
 failure or substandard performance of equipment
 disruption of supply or shortages of raw materials and other supplies
 labor problems
 power outages
 adverse weather conditions and natural disasters or the need to comply with environmental and other directives of governmental agencies. From time to time
 a contract manufacturer may experience financial difficulties
 bankruptcy or other business disruptions
 which could disrupt our supply of finished goods or require that we incur additional expense by&#160;providing financial accommodations to the contract manufacturer or taking other steps to seek to minimize or avoid supply disruption
The loss of any of these contract manufacturers or the failure for any reason of any of these contract manufacturers to fulfill their obligations under their agreements with us
 including a failure to meet our quality controls and standards
 may result in disruptions to our supply of finished goods. We may be unable to locate an additional or alternate contract manufacturing arrangement that meets our quality controls and standards in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms
To the extent our customers purchase products in excess of consumer consumption in any period
From time to time
 our customers may purchase more product than they expect to sell to consumers during a particular time period. Our customers may grow their inventory in anticipation of
 or during
 our promotional events
 which typically provide for reduced prices during a specified time or other customer or consumer incentives. Our customers may also grow inventory in anticipation of a price increase for our products
 or otherwise over-order our products as a result of overestimating demand for our products. If a customer increases its inventory during a particular reporting period as a result of a promotional event
 anticipated price increase or otherwise
 then sales during the subsequent reporting period may be adversely impacted as our customers seek to reduce their inventory levels. This effect may be particularly pronounced when the promotional event
 price increase or other event occurs near the end or beginning of a reporting period or when there are changes in the timing of a promotional event
 price increase or similar event
 as compared to the prior year. To the extent our customers seek to reduce their usual or customary inventory levels or change their practices regarding purchases in excess of consumer consumption
The pet food industry is highly competitive. We compete on the basis of product quality and palatability
 brand awareness and loyalty
 product variety and ingredients
 interesting product names
 product packaging and package design
 shelf space (both online and in-store)
 reputation
 price and promotional efforts. We compete with a significant number of companies of varying sizes
 including divisions or subsidiaries of larger companies that may have greater financial resources and larger customer bases than we have. As a result
successful in marketing and selling their products
 better able to increase prices to reflect cost pressures and better able to increase their promotional activity
 which may impact us and the entire pet food industry. Increased promotional activity may include increasing the size of packaging
 which in turn has in the past reduced and may in the future reduce foot traffic at retailers and the number of opportunities we have to educate pet parents about the benefits of BLUE. In addition
 these larger companies have entered the Wholesome Natural market segment and we expect them to continue to launch new Wholesome Natural brands
 acquire existing Wholesome Natural brands
 launch brand extensions or increase the promotion of existing Wholesome Natural brands and pet food products
 all of which will increase our direct competition. We also compete with other companies who focus solely on manufacturing Wholesome Natural pet foods that may be smaller
 more innovative and/or able to bring products to market faster and move more quickly to exploit and serve niche markets. If these competitive pressures cause our products to lose market share or experience margin erosion
 our business
We may face issues with respect to increased costs
 disruption of supply or shortages of raw materials and other supplies
 contaminations
We and our contract manufacturers use various raw materials and other supplies in our business
 including ingredients
 packaging materials and fuel. The prices of our raw materials and other supplies are subject to fluctuations attributable to
 among other things
 changes in supply and demand of crops or other commodities
 weather conditions
We generally do not have long-term supply contracts with our ingredient suppliers. The length of the contracts is fixed for a period of time
 typically up to a year or for a season and/or a crop year. In addition
 some of our raw materials are sole-sourced or sourced from a limited number of suppliers. We may not be able to renew or enter into new contracts with our existing suppliers following the expiration of such contracts on commercially reasonable terms
 or at all. We purchase some of our raw materials in the open market
 and although we aim to enter into fixed price and/or fixed quantity contracts for a pre-determined amount of our ingredients to reduce short term price volatility in certain commodities
 these activities may not successfully reduce or stabilize the costs of our raw materials and supplies. If commodity prices increase or our procurement or future hedging activities are not effective
 we may not be able to increase our prices to offset these increased costs. Moreover
Certain of our raw materials and supplies are imported from outside of the United States. Our ability to import these materials and supplies at a competitive price depends on our ability to properly manage our global supply chain
 including our import processes. Changes in port management and procedures
 the availability and cost of freight
 regulatory changes
In addition
Some of the raw materials we use are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes and pestilences and may be impacted by climate change and other factors. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality
 which in turn could reduce supplies of raw materials
 increase the prices of raw materials
We conduct risk-based assessments of raw materials included in our products and implement monitoring of raw materials as appropriate based on those assessments. We may not be able to identify all relevant risks in a timely manner
 if at all. If any of our raw materials or supplies are alleged or proven to include contaminants affecting the safety or quality of our products (including
 for example
 bacteria
 mold or as a result of animal or human-related pandemics
 such as outbreaks of bovine spongiform encephalopathy
 foot-and-mouth disease
 avian influenza
 or any other disease)
 we may need to find alternate materials or supplies
 delay production of our products
 discard or otherwise dispose of our products
 or engage in a product recall
 all of which may have a materially adverse effect on our business
We may be unable to detect or prevent the use of ingredients from our suppliers which do not meet our quality standards. Any use of such ingredients may result in a loss of consumer confidence in our brand and products and a reduction in our sales if consumers perceive us as being untruthful in our marketing and advertising and may materially adversely affect our brand
 reputation
 business
If our sources of raw materials and supplies are terminated or affected by adverse prices
 weather conditions or quality concerns
 we may not be able to identify alternate sources of raw materials or other supplies that meet our quality controls and standards to sustain our sales volumes or on commercially reasonable terms
In 2014
 we commenced manufacturing operations at our Joplin Dry Food Facility. Opening this facility and bringing this facility up to full production required significant capital expenditures and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel
 which diverted resources from our business operations. Maintaining and optimizing operations at our Joplin Dry Food Facility will continue to require certain capital expenditures as well as attention of our management and other personnel. In addition
 we recently commenced operations at the Joplin Treats Facility
We expect our Joplin Dry Food Facility to provide us with in-house dry food manufacturing for approximately half of our forecasted dry food production needs over the next several years. This facility
 however
 may not provide us with the anticipated benefits. In addition
up the Joplin Treats Facility&#160;to full production on our schedule may hinder our ability to produce all of the product needed to meet orders and achieve our expected financial performance. Our Heartland Joplin Facilities are located in an area susceptible to tornadoes and other adverse weather conditions
 and the damage or destruction of such facilities due to fire or natural disasters
 including tornadoes
 power failures or disruptions or equipment breakdown
 failure or substandard performance could severely affect our ability to operate these facilities. Our Heartland Joplin Facilities and the manufacturing equipment we use to produce our products would be difficult or costly to replace or repair and may require substantial lead-time to do so. For example
 if we were unable to use our Heartland Joplin Facilities
 the use of any new facilities would need to be approved by various federal and local planning
 zoning and health agencies
 including the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 the Missouri Department of Health and the Missouri Department of Agriculture
 and registered with the FDA
 in addition to passing our internal quality assurance requirements which may take up to 18 months and would result in significant production delays. We also may not be able to find suitable alternatives with contract manufacturers on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost. In addition
 we may in the future experience plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production as a result of regulatory issues
 equipment failure or delays in deliveries. Any such disruption or unanticipated event may cause significant interruptions or delays in our business and loss of inventory and/or data or render us unable to accept and fulfill customer orders in a timely manner
 or at all. We have property and business disruption insurance coverage in place for our Heartland Joplin Facilities. However
 such insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms
We are in the process of expanding our internal manufacturing capacity under our previously announced multi-year capital investment program. While we recently commenced operations at our Joplin Treats Facility
 we also are close to completing the expansion of our internal manufacturing capabilities to provide additional dry production capacity commencing in the second half of 2018 at our Heartland Richmond Facility. We may experience substantial delays in completing the construction and implementation of our Heartland Richmond Facility. Any substantial delay in opening our Heartland Richmond Facility
 registering the facility with appropriate regulatory authorities or bringing the facility up to full production on our schedule may hinder our ability to produce all of the product needed to meet orders and achieve our expected financial performance. Opening this facility and bringing it up to full production will require additional capital expenditures and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel
 which will divert resources from our existing business operations. If we miscalculate the resources or time we need to complete this projects or fail to implement the projects effectively
 our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Even if our Heartland Richmond Facility begins operations according to our schedule
 this facility may not provide us with the benefits that we expect to receive. If this facility do not provide us with the benefits that we expect to receive
to be inaccurate and affect our ability to obtain adequate manufacturing capacity (whether our own manufacturing capacity or contract manufacturing capacity) in order to meet the demand for our products
 which could prevent us from meeting increased customer or consumer demand and harm our brand and our business. However
 if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity
 we may have significantly underutilized assets and may experience reduced margins. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand
 our business
In addition
 we must continuously monitor our inventory and product mix against forecasted demand. If we underestimate demand
 we risk having inadequate supplies. We also face the risk of having too much inventory on hand that may reach its expiration date and become unsaleable
 and we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess or slow-moving inventory. If we are unable to manage our supply chain effectively
In addition to our Heartland Joplin warehouse
 which we operate
 our distribution operations include the use of third-party distribution centers as well as the use of third parties to manage such distribution centers. These third-party distribution centers may distribute our products as well as the products of other companies. Our distribution operations at these third-party distribution centers could be disrupted by a number of factors
 including labor issues
 failure to meet customer standards
 bankruptcy or other financial issues affecting our third-party providers
 or other issues affecting any such third party&#8217;s ability to service our customers effectively. If there is any disruption of these distribution centers
 our business may be materially adversely affected. As we expand the distribution of products in the FDM channel
If we continue to grow
Our net sales have grown from $1
027.4 million in 2015 to $1
$1
&#32;in 2017. Our historical rapid growth
 and continued growth as a CPG company
 has placed and
 if continued
 may continue to place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial resources. Our organizational structure may become more complex as we add additional staff
 and we may require valuable resources to grow and continue to improve our operational
 management and financial controls without undermining our strong corporate culture of entrepreneurship and collaboration that has been a strong contributor to our growth so far. If we are not able to manage our growth effectively
 our business
Data for pet food retail sales is collected for most
 but not all channels
 and as a result
 it is difficult to estimate the size of the market and predict the rate at which the market for our products will grow
 if at all. While our market size estimate was made in good faith
third-party estimate of the U.S. pet food industry and is based on assumptions and estimates we believe to be reasonable
We have expanded and intend to continue to expand our global footprint by entering into new markets. As we expand our business into new countries we will encounter foreign economic
 political
 regulatory
 personnel
 technological
changes in local tax laws
 tax rates in some countries that may exceed those of the United States or Canada and lower earnings due to withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs
unexpected changes in legal
unexpected changes in import and export regulations
the risk that certain governments may adopt regulations or take other actions that would have a direct or indirect adverse impact on our business and market opportunities
non-compliance with applicable currency exchange control regulations
In addition
 our expansion into new countries may require significant resources and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel
 which will divert resources from our existing business operations. As we expand our business globally
 our success will depend
 in large part
We have launched
 and are seeking to expand
 our line of veterinary exclusive therapeutic products. This market segment is dominated by divisions of larger companies that have made substantial investments in their veterinary exclusive therapeutic products over many years and have developed close relationships with veterinarians and veterinary clinics. If we are not able successfully to develop relationships with veterinarians and veterinary clinics
 or engage with academics and new veterinary professionals
 we may not be able to grow our sales of veterinary exclusive products. Our competitors continue to grow their lines of products in this market segment
 resulting in increased competition for our line of products. In addition
 these companies have a significantly larger number of veterinary sales representatives
Our expansion into the veterinary exclusive segment will require significant resources and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel
 which will divert resources from our existing business operations. As a result
 we may not be able successfully to implement our veterinary exclusive therapeutic product growth strategy and may need to change our strategy. If we fail to implement this growth strategy or if we continue to invest resources in this strategy and it ultimately proves unsuccessful
 our business
We may seek to grow our business through acquisitions of or investments in new or complementary businesses
 facilities
 technologies or products
 or through strategic alliances
 and the failure to manage acquisitions
 investments or strategic alliances
 or the failure to integrate them with our existing business
From time to time we may consider opportunities to acquire or make investments in new or complementary businesses
 facilities
 technologies or products
 or enter into strategic alliances
 that may enhance our capabilities
 expand our manufacturing network
 add new brands to our portfolio
 complement our current products or expand the breadth of our markets. Potential and completed acquisitions and investments and other strategic alliances involve numerous risks
problems assimilating the purchased business
 facilities
issues maintaining uniform standards
 procedures
unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions
adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers
 contract manufacturers
increased complexity of running a broader portfolio of products
 brands or facilities
We do not know if we will be able to identify acquisitions or strategic relationships we deem suitable
 whether we will be able to successfully complete any such transactions on favorable terms or at all
 or whether we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired business
 facilities
 technologies or products into our business or retain any key personnel
 suppliers or customers. Our ability successfully to grow through strategic transactions depends upon our ability to identify
 negotiate
 complete and integrate suitable target businesses
 facilities
 technologies and products and to obtain any necessary financing. These efforts could be expensive and time-consuming and may disrupt our ongoing business and prevent management from focusing on our operations. If we are unable to integrate any acquired businesses
 facilities
 technologies and products effectively
 our business
Our substantial indebtedness may have a material adverse effect on our business
As of December 31
 2017
&#32;of indebtedness
 consisting of amounts outstanding under our term loan facilities
&#32;under our revolving credit facility. Our indebtedness could have significant consequences
requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of funding growth
 working capital
 capital expenditures
exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings
limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
If our cash from operations is not sufficient to meet our current or future operating needs
 expenditures and debt service obligations
 our business
Our ability to generate cash to meet our operating needs
 expenditures and debt service obligations will depend on our future performance and financial condition
 which will be affected by financial
 business
 economic legislative
 regulatory and other factors
 including potential changes in costs
 pricing
 the success of product innovation and marketing
 competitive pressure and consumer preferences. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations and other cash needs
 we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations
 seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. Our revolving credit facility and our term loan facilities restrict our ability to take these actions and we may not be able to affect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt
 the lenders under our senior secured credit facilities can terminate their commitments to loan money
 can declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable and foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. In addition
 any downgrade of our debt ratings by any of the major rating agencies
 which could result from our financial performance
 acquisitions or other factors
 would also negatively impact our access to additional debt financing (including leasing) or refinancing on favorable terms
 or at all. Even if we are successful in taking any such alternative actions
 such actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations and
 as a result
 our business
Our trademarks such as &#8220;Blue Buffalo
&#8221; &#8220;LifeSource Bits
&#8221; &#8220;Life Protection Formula
&#8221; &#8220;BLUE Wilderness
&#8221; &#8220;BLUE Basics
&#8221; &#8220;BLUE Freedom
&#8221; and &#8220;BLUE Natural Veterinary Diet&#8221; along with the BLUE shield logo
 the Blue Buffalo figure logo and the tag line &#8220;Love them like family. Feed them like family.&#8221; are valuable assets that support our brand and consumers&#8217; perception of our products. We rely on trademark
 copyright
 trade secret
 patent and other intellectual property laws
 as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods
 to protect our trademarks
 trade names
 proprietary information
 technologies and processes. Our non-disclosure agreements and confidentiality agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of our proprietary information
 technologies and processes and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of such information
 which could harm our competitive position. In addition
 effective patent
 copyright
 trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited for some of our trademarks
 inventions and other proprietary information and patents in some foreign countries. We may need to engage in litigation or similar activities to enforce our intellectual property rights
 to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. Further
 third parties may also engage in litigation or similar activities to challenge the validity and scope of our intellectual property and proprietary rights. Any such litigation could require us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. If we fail to protect our intellectual property
 our business
We may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims or other allegations
We have obligations with respect to the non-use and non-disclosure of third-party intellectual property. The steps we take to prevent misappropriation
 infringement or other violation of the intellectual property of others may not be successful. From time to time
While we believe that our products do not infringe in any material respect upon proprietary rights of other parties and/or that meritorious defenses would exist with respect to any assertions to the contrary
 we may from time to time be found to infringe on the proprietary rights of others. For example
 patent applications in the United States and some foreign countries are generally not publicly disclosed until the patent is issued or published and we may not be aware of currently filed patent applications that relate to our products or processes. If patents later issue on these applications
Any claims that our products or processes infringe these rights
 regardless of their merit or resolution
 could be costly and may divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel. We may not prevail in such proceedings given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. If such proceedings result in an adverse outcome
 we could
 among other things
cease the manufacture
enter into licensing arrangements from the third party claiming infringement
 which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms
If any of the foregoing occurs
 our ability to compete could be affected or our business
A failure of one or more key information technology systems
 networks
The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our sales and marketing
 accounting and financial and legal and compliance functions
 engineering and product development tasks
 research and development data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
including fire
 natural disasters
 power outages
 systems failures
 security breaches
 cyber-attacks
 ransomware and computer viruses. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate or our failure to effectively implement new systems could disrupt our entire operation and could result in decreased sales
 increased overhead costs
 excess inventory and product shortages and a loss of important information. Further
 to the extent that we may have customer or consumer information in our databases
 any unauthorized disclosure of
 or access to
 such information could result in claims under data protection laws and regulations. If any of these risks materialize
We are subject to extensive governmental regulation and we may incur material costs in order to comply with existing or future laws and regulation
 and our failure to comply may result in enforcement
We are subject to a broad range of federal
 state and local laws and regulations intended to protect public health
 natural resources and the environment. See &#8220;Business-Government Regulation.&#8221; Our operations are subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration
 the FDA
 the Department of Agriculture (USDA)
 and by various state
 local and foreign authorities regarding the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling and export of our products
Among other regulatory requirements
 the FDA reviews the inclusion of specific claims in pet food labeling
 such as claims regarding &#8220;hairball control&#8221; and &#8220;urinary tract health.&#8221; We currently produce pet food products
 such as cat food with hairball management claims
 which undergo FDA pre-market review. These products
 as well as other of our products
 such as those in our BLUE Natural Veterinary Diet line
 provide all or most of the nutrients in support of an animal&#8217;s total daily nutrient needs but are also labeled or marketed with claims that may suggest that they are intended to treat or prevent disease
 thereby potentially meeting the statutory definitions of both a food and a drug. The FDA recently issued guidance containing a list of specific factors it will consider in determining whether to initiate enforcement action against such products if they do not comply with the regulatory requirements applicable to drugs. These factors include
 among other things
 whether the product is only made available through or under the direction of a veterinarian and does not present a known safety risk when used as labeled. While we believe that we market our products in compliance with the policy articulated in FDA&#8217;s guidance and in other claim-specific guidance
 the FDA may disagree or may classify some of our products differently than we do
 and may impose more stringent regulations which could lead to alleged regulatory violations
 enforcement actions and product recalls. For example
 a manufacturer of animal drugs must comply with the FDA&#8217;s GMPs for the manufacture of pharmaceutical products and is subject to FDA inspection to confirm its compliance. In addition
 we may produce more products that may be subject to FDA pre-market review
The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act provides direct recall authority to the FDA and includes a number of other provisions designed to enhance food safety
 including increased inspections by the FDA of domestic and foreign food facilities and increased review of food products imported into the United States. In addition to periodic government agency inspections affecting our operations generally
 our Heartland Joplin Facilities are
 and our Heartland Richmond Facility will be
 subject to mandatory continuous on-site inspections by the FDA
mandatory continuous on-site inspection by the USDA. The FSMA also mandates that the FDA adopt preventative controls to be implemented by pet food facilities in order to minimize or prevent hazards to food safety. Under the FSMA
 the FDA finalized the Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP)
 Hazard Analysis
 and Risk-Based Preventive Controls for Food for Animals on September&#160;17
 2015. The final rule has staggered compliance dates based on the business size. There are two components of the final rule with different compliance dates including CGMP requirements and the Preventive Controls. Blue Buffalo was required to be in compliance with the CGMP by September 2016 and was required to be in compliance with the Preventive Controls by September 2017. The FDA also finalized the Foreign Supplier Verification Program (FSVP) on November&#160;27
 2015
 with a compliance date of July 2017. The third relevant regulation is the Sanitary Transportation of Human and Animal Food
 which had a compliance date of April 6
Complying with government regulation can be costly or may otherwise adversely affect our business. Our business is also affected by import and export controls and similar laws and regulations
 both in the United States and elsewhere. Issues such as national security or health and safety
 which may slow or otherwise restrict imports or exports
 may adversely affect our business. Violations of or liability under any of these laws and regulations may result in administrative
 civil or criminal penalties against us
 revocation or modification of applicable permits
 environmental investigations or remedial activities
 voluntary or involuntary product recalls
 warning or untitled letters or cease and desist orders against operations that are not in compliance
 among other things. These laws and regulations may change in the future and we may incur (directly
 or indirectly through our contract manufacturers) material costs to comply with current or future laws and regulations or in any required product recalls. In addition
 we and our contract manufacturers are subject to additional regulatory requirements
 including compliance with the environmental
 health and safety laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
 state environmental regulatory agencies (including the Missouri Department of Natural Resources and the Indiana Department of Natural Resources) and the National Labor Relations Board. Such laws and regulations generally have become more stringent over time and may become more so in the future. Costs of compliance
 and the impacts on us of any non-compliance
 with any such laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our business
There is no single U.S. government regulated definition of the term &#8220;natural&#8221; for use in the pet food industry. On November&#160;10
 2015
 the FDA requested public comments on the use of the term &#8220;natural&#8221; in the labeling of human food products. Comments were due on or before May&#160;10
 2016. It is unclear whether the FDA will engage in rulemaking and
 if so
Currently
 many states in the United States have adopted the AAFCO definition of the term &#8220;natural&#8221; with respect to the pet food industry
 which means no synthetic additives or synthetic processing except vitamins
 minerals or certain trace nutrients
 and only ingredients that are derived solely from plant
 animal or mined sources. Certain groups and individuals have proposed requiring pet food labeling to disclose the presence or use of genetically modified organisms
 or GMOs. We may incur material costs to comply with any new GMO-labeling requirements
 and could be subject to liabilities if we fail to timely comply. If any of these changes materialize
 our reputation
 business
Our operations are also subject to the laws of
 and regulation by governmental authorities in
 Canada
 including the Canadian Food Inspection Agency
 and provincial and local regulations; Mexico
 including the Secretariat of Agriculture
 Livestock
 Rural Development
 Fisheries and Food; Japan
 including the Ministry of Agriculture
Adverse litigation judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings relating to our business operations could materially adversely affect our business
From time to time
 we are subject to allegations
 and may be party to legal claims and regulatory proceedings
 relating to our business operations. Such allegations
 claims and proceedings may be brought by third parties
 including our customers
 employees
 governmental or regulatory bodies or competitors. Defending against such claims and proceedings is costly and time consuming and may divert management&#8217;s attention and personnel resources from our normal business operations
 and the outcome of many of these claims and proceedings cannot be predicted. If any of these claims or proceedings were to be determined adversely to us
 a judgment
 a fine or a settlement involving a payment of a material sum of money were to occur
 or injunctive relief were issued against us
 our business
Our continued growth and success requires us to hire
 retain and develop our leadership bench. If we are unable to attract and retain talented
 highly qualified senior management and other key executives
 as well as provide for the succession of senior management
Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract
 motivate and retain employees who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to represent our brand effectively
 including our Pet Detectives who interact with consumers in stores. If we are unable to attract
 train and retain new employees and new team members to act as Pet Detectives
 this could delay or prevent the implementation of our business strategy and in turn
 lead to fewer sales of our products. In addition
 we have in the past been a defendant in a purported class action by former and current Pet Detectives
 which alleged certain violations of wage and labor laws in California and Oregon
We are a &#8220;controlled company&#8221; within the meaning of NASDAQ rules and
 as a result
Together
with certain NASDAQ corporate governance requirements
 including the requirements (i)&#160;that a majority of the Board of Directors consist of independent directors
 (ii)&#160;to have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee&#8217;s purpose and responsibilities and (iii)&#160;to have director nominations be made
 or recommended to the full Board of Directors
 by independent directors or by a nominations committee that is composed entirely of independent directors and to adopt a written charter or board resolution addressing the nominations process. We have elected to be treated as a &#8220;controlled company.&#8221; Accordingly
&#32;of our common stock. Invus effectively controls us and will effectively be able to control the election and removal of our directors and thereby determine our corporate and management policies
 including potential mergers or acquisitions
 payment of dividends
 asset sales
 amendment of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws and other significant corporate transactions for so long as Invus and its affiliates retain significant ownership of us. This concentration of our ownership may delay or deter possible changes in control of the Company
 which may reduce the value of an investment in our common stock. So long as Invus continues to own a significant amount of our combined voting power
 Invus will continue to be able to strongly influence or effectively control our decisions and
 so long as Invus and its affiliates collectively own at least 5% of all outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
In the ordinary course of their business activities
 Invus and its affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or those of our stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that none of Invus
 any of its affiliates or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his director and officer capacities) or his or her affiliates will have any duty to refrain from engaging
 directly or indirectly
 in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. Invus also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and
 as a result
 those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition
 Invus may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions
 divestitures and other transactions that
 in its judgment
 could enhance its investment
We have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs
 and are subject to additional regulations and requirements as a result of being a public company
 and our management will be required to devote substantial time to compliance matters
As a public company
 we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company
by the Securities and Exchange Commission
 or the SEC
 and NASDAQ. The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. These rules and regulations have increased
 and will continue to increase
 our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Our management will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements. These laws and regulations also could make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance
 including director and officer liability insurance
 and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors
 our board committees or as our executive officers. Furthermore
 if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company
 we could be subject to delisting of our common stock
 fines
The market price of shares or our common stock may be volatile
The trading price of our common stock has been
 and may continue to be
 volatile. Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility
 as well as general economic
 market or political conditions
 could reduce the market price of shares of our common stock in spite of our operating performance. In addition
 our results of operations could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors due to a number of potential factors
 including variations in our quarterly results of operations
 additions or departures of key management personnel
 failure to meet analysts&#8217; earnings estimates
 publication of research reports about our industry
 litigation and government investigations
 changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement thereof affecting our business
 adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future
 changes in market valuations of similar companies or speculation in the press or investment community
 announcements by our competitors of significant contracts
 acquisitions
 dispositions
 strategic partnerships
 joint ventures or capital commitments
 and adverse publicity about our industry or individual scandals. In response
In the past few years
 stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. In the past
 following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company&#8217;s securities
 securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation
 if instituted against us
If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
As a public company
 we are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. In addition
 we are required to furnish with each annual report on Form 10&#8209;K
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 in each case pursuant to Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. At such time
 our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented
The process of designing
 implementing
 maintaining and testing the internal control over financial reporting required to comply with this obligation is time-consuming
 costly
 and complicated. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
 if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner or to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
 or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected
 and we could become subject to investigations by the NASDAQ
 the SEC
 or other regulatory authorities
Because we have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock
We have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock. The declaration
 amount and payment of any future dividends will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may take into account general and economic conditions
 our financial condition and results of operations
 our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs
 capital requirements
 contractual
 legal
 tax and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us
 including restrictions under our senior secured credit facilities and other indebtedness we may incur
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. is a holding company with no operations of its own and
 as such
 it depends on its subsidiaries for cash to fund all of its operations and expenses
 including future dividend payments
Our operations are conducted almost entirely through our subsidiaries and our ability to generate cash to meet our debt service obligations or to make future dividend payments
 if any
 is highly dependent on the earnings and the receipt of funds from our subsidiaries via dividends or intercompany loans. We do not currently expect to declare or pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future; however
 to the extent that we determine in the future to pay dividends on our common stock
 the credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility significantly restricts the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer assets to us. In addition
You may be diluted by the future issuance of additional common stock in connection with our incentive plans
As of December 31
 2017
1
conditions established by our Board of Directors in its sole discretion
 whether in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. As of December 31
 2017
205
&#32;shares reserved for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Purchase and Option Plan of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
7
552
&#32;shares reserved for issuance under the Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Any common stock that we issue
 including under the 2012 Plan
 the 2015 Plan or other equity incentive plans that we may adopt in the future
Future sales
 or the perception of future sales
The sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that such sales could occur
 including sales by Invus
 could harm the prevailing market price of shares of our common stock. These sales
 or the possibility that these sales may occur
Shares held by Invus and certain of our directors
 officers and employees are eligible for resale
 subject to volume
 manner of sale and other limitations under Rule 144. In addition
 pursuant to an investor rights agreement entered into on July 10
 2012 and amended and restated on January 21
 2015
 we granted Invus the right
 subject to certain conditions
If Invus exercises its registration rights
although we do not have a stockholder rights plan
 these provisions allow us to authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock in connection with a stockholder rights plan or otherwise
 the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval
 and which may include super voting
 special approval
 dividend
these provisions prohibit stockholder action by written consent from and after the date on which Invus
 The Bishop Family Limited Partnership
 or The Bishop Family Partnership
 and their affiliates beneficially own
 in the aggregate
these provisions provide for the removal of directors only for cause and only upon affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of the shares of common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors if Invus
 The Bishop Family Partnership and their affiliates beneficially own
 in the aggregate
these provisions require the amendment of certain provisions only by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the shares of common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors if Invus
 The Bishop Family Partnership and their affiliates beneficially own
 in the aggregate
Further
 as a Delaware corporation
 we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law
 which may impair a takeover attempt that our stockholders may find beneficial. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage
 delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the Company
 including actions that our stockholders may deem advantageous
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors
 without the approval of our stockholders
 to issue 150&#160;million shares of our preferred stock
 subject to limitations prescribed by applicable law
 rules and regulations and the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 as shares of preferred stock in series
 to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the designation
 powers
 preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications
 limitations or restrictions thereof. The powers
 preferences and rights of these additional series of preferred stock may be senior to or on parity with our common stock
The following table sets forth the location
 size
December&#160;31
. The majority of our properties are leased. The leases expire at various times through 2027
Joplin
200
Leased
215
Monroe
535
Bellevue
370
Wilton
41
Phoenix
8
We are a party to a number of pending claims and lawsuits arising in the normal course of business
 including proceedings involving tort and other general liability claims
 workers&#8217; compensation and other employee claims
We maintain general and other liability insurance; however
 certain costs of defending lawsuits are not covered by or are only partially covered by insurance policies
We do not consider our ultimate liability with respect to any single claim or lawsuit
 or the aggregate of such claims and lawsuits
 to be material in relation to our consolidated financial condition
 results of operations
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
The number of holders of record of our common stock as of February 20
 2018 was 80. This stockholder figure does not include a substantially greater number of holders whose shares are held of record by banks
 brokers
The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company&#8217;s common stock with that of the S&amp;P 500
 the S&amp;P 500 Consumer Staples
 and the S&amp;P MidCap 400. The period shown commences on July 22
 2015
 which is the date our common stock began trading on the NASDAQ
 and ends on December 31
 2017
 the end of our last fiscal year. The graph assumes $100 was invested at the close of market on July 22
 2015 in the Company's common stock
 the S&amp;P 500
 S&amp;P 500 Consumer Staples
 and the S&amp;P MidCap 400
 and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph is not intended to forecast or be indicative of future stock price performance of the Company's common stock. This performance graph shall not be deemed &#8220;filed&#8221; for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section
 and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock in the two most recent fiscal years. We have no current plans to pay dividends on our common stock. We expect to retain future earnings
 if any
 to fund the development and growth of our business. The declaration
 amount and payment of any future dividends will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may take into account general and economic conditions
 our financial condition and results of operations
 our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs
 capital requirements
 contractual
 legal
 tax and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us
 including restrictions under our senior secured credit facilities and other indebtedness we may incur
 and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. In addition
 because we are a holding company and have no direct operations
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
(dollars in thousands
1
274
1
149
1
027
917
719
303
220
160
179
158
11
14
15
13
20
15
293
206
145
165
122
99
76
55
63
43
193
130
89
101
78
196
256
196
363
195
933
195
735
195
619
198
918
199
348
198
047
197
852
196
559
282
292
224
95
42
381
386
286
202
114
Property
 plant
 and equipment
326
162
115
113
85
848
650
512
383
254
Total debt
393
383
387
391
395
299
146
9
(87
(191
194
156
122
106
88
313
230
168
183
143
319
275
221
193
162
10
9
8
4
1
170
56
9
32
63
Working capital is defined as current assets
 including cash and cash equivalents
 minus current liabilities. As disclosed in &#8220;Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
&#8221; the Company elected to early adopt ASU 2015-17
 &#8220;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes
&#8221; as of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015
 utilizing retrospective application as permitted. Accordingly
Total assets for the fiscal year ended December 31
Adjusted net income represents net income plus loss on extinguishment of debt
 public offering preparation costs
 litigation expenses
 and an unusual
 non-recurring or one-time item (provision for legal settlement)
 net of tax. We present adjusted net income because our management uses it as a supplemental measure in assessing our operating performance
 and we believe that it is helpful to investors
 securities analysts and other interested parties
 in evaluating the performance of companies in our industry. We also believe adjusted net income is useful to management
 investors
 securities analysts and other interested parties as a measure of our comparative operating performance from period to period. Adjusted net income is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP. It should not be considered an alternative to net income as a measure of our operating performance or any other measure of performance derived in accordance with GAAP. In addition
 adjusted net income should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Adjusted net income has limitations as an analytical tool
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
293
99
193
1
1
295
100
194
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
206
76
130
2
2
6
2
4
32
11
20
247
90
156
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
145
55
89
8
1
7
10
3
6
32
12
19
195
73
122
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
165
63
101
2
1
1
4
1
2
172
66
106
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
122
43
78
15
5
9
1
139
50
88
Represents costs
Represents provision related to the settlement agreements entered into in December 2015 and November 2016
EBITDA represents net income plus interest expense
 less interest income and plus provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA plus loss on extinguishment of debt
 public offering preparation costs
 litigation expenses
 stock-based compensation and an unusual
We present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA because our management uses these as supplemental measures in assessing our operating performance
 and we believe they are helpful to investors
 securities analysts and other interested parties
 in evaluating the performance of companies in our industry. We also believe EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are useful to management
 investors
 securities analysts and other interested parties as measures of our comparative operating performance from period to period. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not measurements of financial performance under GAAP. They should not be considered as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities
 as measures of liquidity
 or as alternatives to net income as a measure of our operating performance or any other measures of performance derived in accordance with GAAP. In addition
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
193
130
89
101
78
11
14
15
13
20
(1
99
76
55
63
43
10
9
8
4
1
313
230
168
183
143
15
2
8
2
1
1
6
10
4
32
32
3
4
3
1
1
319
275
222
193
162
Represents provisions related to the settlement agreements entered into in December 2015 and November 2016
Represents non-cash
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans
 estimates and beliefs. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties.  Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
 including
 but not limited to those set forth in the Risk Factors section of this report. You should carefully read Risk Factors and Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Disclosures. The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes.  All references to years
 unless otherwise noted
 refer to our fiscal years
We are one of the fastest growing major pet food companies in the United States
 selling dog and cat food made with whole meats
 fruits and vegetables
 and other high-quality
 natural ingredients. BLUE is a billion dollar brand and is the #1 brand in the Wholesome Natural market segment. We develop
 produce
 market
 and sell pet food under our five product lines: BLUE Life Protection Formula
 BLUE Wilderness
 BLUE Basics
 BLUE Freedom
 and BLUE Natural Veterinary Diet. Each of our major product lines of pet food include different product types for dogs and cats
 such as dry food
 wet food
 and treats. While we have only one reporting segment
 for purposes of discussing our net sales we categorize our products as (i) Dry Foods or (ii) Wet Foods
 Treats
 and Other Products. Dry Foods contributed approximately 80% of our net sales for 2017
 with the remaining 20% attributable to Wet Foods
We sell our products in the specialty channels
 including eCommerce
 either directly to retailers or through distributors and
 beginning in the third quarter of 2017
 to a limited number of select grocery and mass retailers in the FDM channel in the United States. We expect to continue to expand our distribution in the FDM channel. The specialty channels include national pet superstore chains
 regional pet store chains
 neighborhood pet stores
 veterinary clinics and hospitals
 farm and feed stores
 eCommerce retailers
 military outlets and hardware stores. BLUE is sold across all types of specialty retailers in the United States
 Canada
 Mexico
 and Japan
 although our sales in the veterinary channel are currently minimal. Our products were first sold in national pet superstores and a majority of our net sales is still generated from national pet superstores
 PetSmart and Petco
 which are our top two customers. We have experienced significant growth in our net sales to eCommerce retailers
 and these sales have continued to grow faster than our net sales to national pet superstores. In fact
 our net sales to national pet superstores declined in 2017 primarily due to reduced traffic trends at such stores. Despite our growth within eCommerce
 we expect that our sales will continue to be concentrated in a limited number of customers due to PetSmart&#8217;s acquisition of Chewy.com (a leading pet eCommerce retailer) in the second quarter of 2017. We expect that partnering with leading grocery and mass retailers in the FDM channel will allow us to reach more pet parents and feed more pets. Notwithstanding our expansion into the FDM channel
 we expect to continue to work closely with our specialty retail customers as they provide an optimal environment for us to interact with and educate pet parents and as they dedicate more shelf space to pet food
 which grants consumers access to a broader range of our products. Over the last three years
 we have diversified our customer base
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
Our products are manufactured in the United States through a hybrid network of owned and contracted manufacturing facilities and distributed from owned and contracted distribution centers. In September 2014
 we commenced manufacturing operations at our Joplin Dry Food Facility
 which is expected to provide us with approximately half of our forecasted dry food production needs over the next several years. We are also close to completing the expansion of our internal manufacturing capabilities to provide additional dry production capacity commencing in the second half of 2018 at our Heartland Richmond Facility. The Joplin Dry Food Facility and the Heartland Richmond Facility are expected to initially provide us with approximately 60% of our dry food production needs and expand up to approximately 85% of our dry food production needs over the next several years. In addition
 we recently commenced operations at our Joplin Treats Facility
The primary market for our products is the United States
 which represented approximately 96% of our net sales for 2017
 2016 and 2015
 with the remaining 4%
 respectively
 for each of those periods attributable primarily to our operations in Canada
 where we also market and sell our products. In 2017
 we also had minimal net sales in Mexico
 Japan and our veterinary channel. As part of our growth strategies
On February 22
 2018
 General Mills
 Inc. (&#8220;GMI&#8221;) and Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. announced that they had entered into a definitive merger agreement (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;)
 among GMI
 Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. and Bravo Merger Corp. (&#8220;Merger Sub&#8221;) under which
 on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement
 GMI will acquire the Company for $40.00 per common share
In accordance with and subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement
 Merger Sub will merge with and into the Registrant
 with the Registrant continuing as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of GMI
The U.S. pet food industry has been growing as a result of a number of factors
continued humanization of pets &#8211; more pet parents consider their pets to be a family member
strong health and wellness trends crossing over from human foods &#8211; there is increased focus on pets consuming high-quality
 natural foods
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
Nonetheless
despite experiencing significant growth over the past 10 years
 national pet superstores recently have been experiencing significantly reduced foot traffic and increased competition from other channels
new or increased regulatory requirements and scrutiny
We develop
 produce
 market and sell natural pet food in the specialty channels in the United States
 Canada
 Mexico and Japan and to select grocery and mass retailers in the FDM channel in the United States. We rely on consumer demand for our products
 financial performance of our products for retailers and our position in the marketplace
 rather than entering into contracts with retailers to sell our products. We enter into agreements with various distributors to distribute our products to other stores in the specialty channel that typically stock a narrower range of our products given their smaller store footprints. We recognize revenues generally upon receipt of the product by the customer. See &#8220;Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates&#8212;Revenue Recognition.&#8221; All sales are made on pre-agreed pricing terms
 are not subject to contingencies and are
 therefore
We offer a variety of trade promotions and incentives to our customers and consumers
 such as temporary price reductions
 cooperative advertising programs
 in-store displays and coupons. These trade promotions and incentives are accounted for as a reduction of our net sales. Our net sales are periodically influenced by the timing
Over the past three year period
 our net sales growth has been driven
 in part
 by our growth in net sales in national pet superstores. In addition
our increased availability to a greater proportion of pet parents as we have expanded our distribution to other retailers in the specialty channels
 including farm and feed stores and eCommerce retailers
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
our continued innovation
 including the expansion of existing product lines
These factors have powered our growth at a faster rate than the overall pet food industry. Over the past three years
 our net sales have increased at a CAGR of 12% as compared to the overall pet food industry which has increased at a CAGR of 4%
 according to Euromonitor. While we expect these trends to continue to drive our growth for the near future
However
reduced customer and consumer demand for our products due to a recession
 financial and credit market disruptions
Gross profit is our net sales less cost of goods sold. Our cost of goods sold consists primarily of costs of ingredients and packaging materials
 manufacturing costs and costs associated with our warehouses and distribution network
We have a network that both self manufactures finished goods as well as purchases finished products from our contract manufacturers predominantly on a cost-plus basis. We pay our contract manufacturers on a dollar-per-pound basis for dry foods and dollar-per-unit basis for wet foods and treats. Over the past three years
 we have worked closely with our contract manufacturers to negotiate lower manufacturing costs through increased volume of purchases
 contract consolidation and price negotiations. More recently
We negotiate pricing and availability directly with suppliers for most ingredients in our dry foods. We also negotiate for raw materials used at our Heartland Facilities as well as for contract manufacturers. Our contract manufacturers then purchase these ingredients from suppliers approved by us based on the specifications and terms we negotiate. This has allowed us to consolidate ingredient sourcing across our manufacturing network in order to negotiate more favorable pricing on ingredients for dry foods
 which make up the majority of our product portfolio. For wet foods and treats
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
negotiate directly with suppliers approved by us and purchase ingredients directly based on our specifications. We have entered into contracts relating to the physical purchase of the majority of the main ingredients
 including our meats and meals
 grains
 fruit
 vegetables
 starches and fibers. These contracts are focused primarily on ensuring availability
 quality and price predictability. Depending on the nature of the ingredients
 some contracts are fixed in price while others have a variable component based on a pricing formula. The length of the contracts is fixed for a period of time
 typically up to a year or for a season and/or a crop year. We have increased the percentage of ingredients contracted for our dry foods from approximately 30% of our forward twelve-month needs in 2009 to approximately 90% in 2017. In 2018
 under our Commodity Price Risk Management Policy we expect to contract approximately 90% of our ingredients for our forward twelve-month needs
 as well as enter into fixed price and/or fixed quantity contracts for a pre-determined amount of our ingredients to reduce short-term price volatility in certain commodities. Although we do not currently engage in hedging activities
We have also invested and plan to continue to invest in equipment to be used by certain of our contract manufacturers to increase volume capacity where needed
 improve efficiency and improve product quality. We have a hybrid network of owned and contracted manufacturing facilities. We believe this hybrid network will provide us with enhanced margin opportunities and greater flexibility in our supply chain. In the near term
 these manufacturing efficiencies will give us an opportunity to reinvest in growth initiatives
Over the past three years
 despite volatility in commodity prices and start-up costs associated with our Joplin Dry Food Facility in 2014 and our Joplin Treats Facility and Heartland Richmond Facility in 2017
 we have managed our gross margin through a combination of increased prices to offset commodity cost inflation
 changes in our product mix
 productivity improvements
 purchasing efficiencies and cost reductions in our supply chain. Historically
 we have been able to pass along commodity cost increases to our customers through annual or semiannual price increases. When evaluating pricing
 we consider many factors including cost of sales increases
 competitive pricing strategy and the price-value equation to our consumers. In 2017
Selling
Our selling
 general and administrative expenses primarily consist of advertising and marketing expenses
 salaries and other payroll-related expenses
 stock-based compensation
 legal and professional fees
 consulting expenses
 travel expenses
 depreciation and research and development costs. Selling
 general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales has increased from 
 primarily driven by increased investments in advertising to support new product releases and drive greater brand awareness
 investments in our strategic initiatives
In the future
 we expect our selling
 general and administrative expenses to grow at a slower rate than our net sales growth as we leverage our past investments. In the near term
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
1
274
1
149
1
027
685
634
608
589
515
418
Selling
 general
285
262
226
32
32
303
220
160
11
14
15
(1
Other non-operating expense
293
206
145
99
76
55
193
130
89
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
 2016
 or 
$1
year ended December 31
 2017
$1
year ended December 31
. Volume growth accounted for 6.1 percentage points of the increase in net sales
 favorable product mix contributed 4.5 percentage points
 and favorable net pricing contributed 0.3 percentage point.
 or 
$1
year ended December 31
 2017
year ended December 31
. Volume growth accounted for 5.1 percentage points of the increase in net sales of Dry Foods
 favorable product mix contributed 2.0 percentage point of growth
Net Sales of Wet Foods
 Treats and Other Products increased 
 or 
year ended December 31
 2017
year ended December 31
. Favorable product mix accounted for 15.5 percentage points of the increase in net sales of Wet Foods
 Treats and Other Products
 volume growth contributed 10.2 percentage points of growth
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
BLUE Life Protection Formula and BLUE Wilderness product lines drove the growth in net sales of  Wet Foods
 Treats and Other Products. The decrease in net pricing was primarily driven by an increase in promotional activity. 
 or 
year ended December 31
 2017
year ended December 31
 2016
year ended December 31
 2017
year ended December 31
 2016
Selling
 General
Selling
 general
year ended December 31
 2017
 
 or 
year ended December 31
year ended December 31
. Provision for legal settlement for the year ended December 31
&#32;due to the settlement agreement entered into on November 2
 2016 related to the Nestl&#233; Purina lawsuit. The legal settlement is disclosed in Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements.
 or 
year ended December 31
 2017
year ended December 31
 2016
 or 
year ended December 31
 2017
year ended December 31
 2016
 or 
year ended December 31
 2017
year ended December 31
year ended December 31
year ended December 31
As a result of the factors above
 net income 
 or 
year ended December 31
 2017
year ended December 31
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
Net sales increased $122.3 million
 or 11.9%
 to $1
149.8 million for the year ended December 31
 2016
 compared to $1
027.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2015. Volume growth accounted for 8.9 percentage points of the increase in net sales
 favorable net pricing of 1.6 percentage points
Net sales of Dry Foods increased $100.2 million
 or 12.0%
 to $934.2 million for the year ended December 31
 2016
 compared to $834.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2015. Volume growth accounted for 9.2 percentage points of the increase in net sales of Dry Foods
 favorable net pricing contributed 2.1 percentage points
 and favorable product mix contributed 0.7 percentage point of growth. The strong performance of our BLUE Wilderness
 BLUE Life Protection Formula
Net Sales of Wet Foods
 Treats and Other Products increased $22.1 million
 or 11.5%
 to $215.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2016
 compared to $193.4 million for the year ended December 31
 2015. Volume growth accounted for 7.3 percentage points of the increase in net sales of Wet Foods
 Treats and Other Products
 favorable product mix contributed 4.5 percentage point of growth
 which was partially offset by unfavorable net pricing of 0.3 percentage points. The strong performance of our BLUE Wilderness and BLUE Life Protection Formula lines drove the growth in net sales of Wet Foods
 Treats and Other Products. 
 or 
year ended December 31
 2016
year ended December 31
 2015
year ended December 31
 2016
year ended December 31
 2015
Selling
 General
Selling
 general
year ended December 31
 2016
 up 
 or 
year ended December 31
Provision for legal settlement for the year ended December 31
 2016 was $32.0 million due to the settlement agreement entered into on November 2
 2016 related to the Nestl&#233; Purina lawsuit. The provision for legal settlement for the year ended December 31
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
Interest expense decreased $0.5 million
 or 3.1%
 to $14.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2016
 compared to $15.1 million for the year ended December 31
Interest income increased $0.2 million or 71.8%
 to $0.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2016
 compared to $0.3 million for the year ended December 31
 2015. This increase was driven by higher average cash on hand for 2016 as compared to 2015.
 or 
year ended December 31
 2016
year ended December 31
year ended December 31
year ended December 31
As a result of the factors above
 net income 
 or 
year ended December 31
 2016
year ended December 31
Financial Condition
 Liquidity
Historically
 our primary source of liquidity has been cash flow from operations. In addition
 we also have a $120.0 million Revolving Facility to provide us with an additional source of liquidity but have not had to draw on our Revolving Facility. As of December 31
 2017
&#32;compared to cash and cash equivalents as of December 31
 2016 of $292.7 million. On May 25
 2017
 we entered into a new $400.0 million term facility (the Term Facility). A majority of the proceeds of the Term Facility were used to refinance the Old Credit Agreement (as defined below). As of December 31
 2017
 we had outstanding indebtedness of $398.0 million under the term loan facilities. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement (as defined below)
 $1.0 million of the Term Facility must be repaid each fiscal quarter which commenced with the fiscal quarter of the Company ending September 30
 2017. Upon maturity on May 25
 2024
&#32;in fiscal 2018
Our primary working capital requirements are for product and product-related costs
 the payment of payroll
 rent and distribution costs
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
driven by fluctuations in accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2017
 we had working capital of $381.3 million
 compared to $386.3 million as of December 31
On July 31
 2017
 the Board of Directors approved the terms of a share repurchase program
 under which the Company is authorized to repurchase up to $50.0 million of its common shares. The Company financed the $50.0 million share repurchase program through its cash generated from operations and cash on hand. Based on the Company&#8217;s strong cash flow and balance sheet
 this program did not impact our ability to execute our business plans
We believe that our operating cash flow and cash on hand will be adequate to meet our operating
 investing and financing needs for the foreseeable future. If necessary
 we can borrow funds under our revolving credit facility to finance our liquidity requirements
 subject to customary borrowing conditions. To the extent additional funds are necessary to meet our long-term liquidity needs as we continue to execute our business strategy
 we anticipate that they will be obtained through the incurrence of additional indebtedness
 additional equity financings or a combination of these potential sources of funds. Our ability to meet our operating
 investing and financing needs depend to a significant extent on our future financial performance
 which will be subject in part to general economic
 competitive
 financial
 regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control
 described in the &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2017. In addition to these general economic and industry factors
 the principal factors in determining whether our cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements will be our ability to provide attractive products to our customers and consumers
 increase prices to offset higher commodity costs
 manage production and our supply chain and improve our productivity. In the event that we need access to additional cash
 we may not be able to access the credit markets on commercially acceptable terms or at all. We may need to refinance all or a portion of the principal amounts outstanding under our term loan facilities on or before May 25
 2024. We expect to continually assess our performance
 the economic environment and market conditions to guide our decisions regarding our uses of cash
year ended December 31
 2017
year ended December 31
year ended December 31
 2016
year ended December 31
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
year ended December 31
 2017
year ended December 31
year ended December 31
 2016
year ended December 31
year ended December 31
 2017
 net cash used in financing activities was 
year ended December 31
crease in net cash used in financing activities was primarily due to repurchases of common stock
year ended December 31
 2016
 net cash used in financing activities was 
year ended December 31
December&#160;31
 2017
 our Term Facility consisted of $398.0 million of outstanding term loans maturing on May 25
 2024
 and an undrawn $120.0 million Revolving Facility (which includes borrowing capacity available for letters of credit and for short-term borrowings) maturing on May 25
 2022. As of December 31
 2017
All obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by each of the material wholly-owned domestic restricted subsidiaries of the Company
 subject to certain exceptions. All obligations under the Credit Agreement
 and the guarantees of those obligations
 are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and each guarantor
 subject to customary exceptions
a pledge of 100% of the equity interests directly held by the Company and each guarantor in any wholly-owned material subsidiary of the Company or any guarantor (which pledge
 in the case of any non-U.S. subsidiary or FSHCO
 will not include more than 65% of the voting stock of such non-U.S. subsidiary or FSHCO)
a security interest in substantially all of the tangible and intangible assets of the Company and each guarantor
The Credit Agreement contains other customary terms
 including (i) representations and warranties
 (ii) affirmative covenants
 (iii) negative covenants
 including limitations on indebtedness
 liens
 mergers
 acquisitions
 asset sales
 investments
 distributions
 prepayments of subordinated debt
 and transactions with affiliates
 in each case subject to baskets
 thresholds and other exceptions
 and a financial covenant to maintain a certain Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as set forth in the Credit Agreement
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
398
4
12
8
374
88
14
41
27
5
35
6
17
8
2
15
13
2
456
333
123
994
372
196
43
381
(2)  Reflects interest expense calculated using the interest rate on the term loan facilities as of December 31
During 2013
Heartland Pet Foods Manufacturing Inc.
ary
 or Heartland
and Jasper County
 Missouri
 or Jasper
 entered into an agreement pursuant to which Jasper agreed to issue up to an aggregate principal amount of $55 million of industrial revenue bonds to purchase manufacturing equipment from Heartland
 which will then be leased back to Heartland. As Heartland will become the owner of the equipment at the end of the lease term
 the lease meets the requirements of a capital lease and the equipment is recorded as property
 plant
December&#160;31
 2017
 Jasper had issued
 and Heartland had purchased
&#32;of industrial revenue bonds and Jasper had purchased from
 and leased back to
In August 2016
 Heartland and the City of Joplin
 Missouri
 or Joplin
&#32;of industrial revenue bonds to purchase from Heartland the land on which Jopin Dry Food Facility resides and the land on which the Joplin Treats Facility would come to reside
 and the associated buildings
 structures
 and fixtures
 including the additional manufacturing equipment included in the Joplin Treats Facility (collectively
 the &#8220;Property&#8221;)
 which will then be leased back to Heartland. As Heartland will become the owner of the Property at the end of the lease term
 the lease meets the requirements of a capital lease and the equipment and land are recorded as property
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
Company has the right and intends to set-off any obligation to make payments under the lease agreement with the amounts due under the industrial revenue bonds. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 Joplin had issued and Heartland had purchased approximately 
 respectively
 of industrial revenue bonds and Joplin had purchased from
 and leased back to
Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP.  The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements
We recognize revenues when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the product has been shipped
 when title passes
 when all risks and rewards of ownership have transferred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. In most cases
In the normal course of business
 we use trade promotions to support our business. Trade promotions
 consisting primarily of temporary price reductions
 consumer coupons
 product placement fees
 advertising allowances and other rebates are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of trade promotion spending
We also maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make payments and other actual and estimated deductions. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate
 resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments
We provide reserves for estimated obsolescence based on specific identification. If assumptions about future demand change or actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
of whether the risk of loss is remote
 reasonably possible
 or probable. Our assessment is developed in consultation with our internal and external counsel and other advisors and is based on an analysis of possible outcomes under various strategies. Loss contingency assumptions involve judgments that are inherently subjective and can involve matters that are in litigation
 which
 by its nature is unpredictable. We believe that our assessment of the probability of loss contingencies is reasonable
 but because of the subjectivity involved and the unpredictable nature of the subject matter at issue
 our assessment may prove ultimately to be incorrect
As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements
 we are required to estimate our actual current tax exposure (state
 federal and foreign). We assess our income tax positions and record tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management&#8217;s evaluation of the facts
 circumstances and information available at the reporting dates. We determine whether it is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that a tax position will be sustained upon the examination by the appropriate taxing authorities before any part of the benefit can be recorded in the financial statements. For those income tax positions where it is not &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. Where applicable
We also assess permanent and temporary differences resulting from differing bases and treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes
 such as the deductibility of expenses
 depreciation of property
 plant and equipment
 stock-based compensation expense and valuation of inventories. Temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities
 which are included within our consolidated balance sheet. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized from future taxable income. Actual results could differ from this assessment if sufficient taxable income is not generated in future periods. To the extent we determine the need to establish a valuation allowance or increase such allowance in a period
Effective with our initial public offering
 the Company bases its common stock value on quoted market prices. The expected volatility assumption is based on the combination of the Company's historical volatility and selected companies from its peer group. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury implied yield at the date of grant. The weighted-average expected term is determined with reference to historical exercise and post-vesting cancellation experience
 and the vesting period and contractual term of the awards. Upon early adopting ASU 2016-09
ITEM 7. BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
We are exposed to changes in interest rates because the indebtedness incurred under our senior secured credit facilities is variable rate debt. Interest rate changes generally do not affect the market value of our senior secured credit facilities but do affect the amount of our interest payments and
 therefore
December&#160;31
 2017
year ended December 31
We use raw materials that are subject to price volatility caused by supply conditions
 weather
 political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. We purchase some of our raw materials in the open market. We manage our raw material exposures by entering into contracts for our dry food ingredients and through ongoing productivity initiatives. In 2018
 under our Commodity Price Risk Management Policy
 we expect to contract approximately 90% of our ingredients for our forward twelve-month needs
 as well as enter into fixed price and/or fixed quantity contracts for a pre-determined amount of our ingredients to reduce short term price volatility in certain commodities.  Although we do not currently engage in hedging activities
 we may adopt certain hedging strategies in the future consistent with our Commodity Price Risk Management Policy. If commodity price changes result in unexpected increases in raw materials
 we may not be able to increase our prices to offset these increased costs without suffering reduced volume
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. and&#160;subsidiaries (the Company) as of December&#160;31
 2017 and 2016
 the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three&#8209;year period ended December&#160;31
 2017
 and the related notes (collectively
 the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December&#160;31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three&#8209;year period ended December&#160;31
 2017
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
 and our report dated February 26
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
Stamford
February 26
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
We have audited Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. and subsidiaries&#8217; (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2017
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December&#160;31
 2017 and 2016
 the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December&#160;31
 2017
 and the related notes (collectively
 the consolidated financial statements)
 and our report dated February 26
The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Stamford
February 26
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
&#32;(dollars in thousands
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
282
292
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Receivables
150
115
79
70
7
6
520
485
Property
 plant
 and equipment
326
162
1
1
848
650
4
3
63
35
70
59
138
98
389
379
7
12
13
13
549
504
Preferred stock; $0.01 par value; 150
000
000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding at December 31
 2017 and December 31
Common stock
 voting; $0.01 par value; 1
500
000
000 shares authorized; 197
615
064 and 196
524
010 shares issued at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
1
1
81
71
266
72
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Treasury stock
 at cost: 2
092
774 and no shares at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
(50
299
146
848
650
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
&#32;(dollars in thousands
Year Ended December 31
1
274
1
149
1
027
685
634
608
589
515
418
Selling
 general
285
262
226
32
32
303
220
160
11
14
15
(1
Other non-operating expense
293
206
145
99
76
55
193
130
89
196
256
196
363
195
933
198
918
199
348
198
047
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Year Ended December 31
193
130
89
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Other comprehensive income (loss)
193
130
89
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
&#32;(dollars in thousands
Balance at December 31
195
743
1
57
(146
(87
396
2
2
1
1
46
30
1
1
89
89
Balance at December 31
196
216
1
64
(57
9
275
1
1
31
3
3
130
130
Balance at December 31
196
524
1
71
72
146
1
055
6
6
35
2
092
(50
(50
2
2
193
193
Balance at December 31
197
615
1
81
266
2
092
(50
299
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Year Ended December 31
193
130
89
10
9
8
3
4
3
(4
11
(12
(1
32
(32
(33
(35
(1
(8
12
5
(1
(2
(1
27
4
(1
5
23
17
193
127
138
(170
(56
(9
(170
(56
(9
400
(382
(50
(4
(2
(3
(3
1
6
1
2
(33
(2
(10
68
128
292
224
95
282
292
224
Accruals related to property
5
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. (&#8220;BBPP&#8221;
 and together with its subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;its
&#8221; and &#8220;our&#8221;) was incorporated in the state of Delaware in July 2012 and conducts its business exclusively through its wholly-owned operating subsidiary
 Blue Buffalo Company
 Ltd. (&#8220;Blue&#8221;) (formerly The Blue Buffalo Company
 LLC) and its subsidiaries. Blue was formed in August 2002
&#32;wholly-owned subsidiaries: Great Plains Leasing
 LLC
 Heartland Pet Food Manufacturing Holding
 LLC
 Sierra Pet Products
 LLC
 Blue Buffalo Pet Products Canada
 Ltd.
 Blue Buffalo Japan Kabushiki Kaisha
 and Blue Buffalo Pet Food Co.
 Ltd. Additionally
 Blue Buffalo Import Mexico
 S. de R.L. de C.V.
 Blue Buffalo Mexico
 S. de R.L. de C.V.
 Heartland Pet Food Manufacturing
 Inc. and Heartland Pet Food Manufacturing Indiana
 LLC are indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of BBPP. BBPP and its subsidiaries develop
 produce
 market
 and sell pet food under the BLUE Life Protection Formula
 BLUE Wilderness
 BLUE Basics
 BLUE Freedom
 and BLUE Natural Veterinary Diet lines. Our products are produced domestically at our Heartland Facilities and through contract manufacturers for distribution to retailers in specialty channels throughout the United States of America
 Canada
 Japan
In July 2012
 Blue formed Heartland Pet Food Manufacturing
 Inc. for the purpose of commencing internal manufacturing operations to eventually supplement its contract manufacturers. Manufacturing operations commenced at our Joplin Dry Food Facility in September 2014. In April 2016
 Blue formed Heartland Pet Food Manufacturing Holding
 LLC for the purpose of consolidating all manufacturing entities under one holding company. In April 2016
 Heartland Pet Food Manufacturing Indiana
 LLC was formed for our planned internal manufacturing operations in Richmond
Also in July 2012
 BBPP and Blue Pet Products
 Inc. (&#8220;BPP&#8221;) were established through a series of stock exchanges and transfers. In connection therewith
On July 27
 2015
38
906
&#32;per share
5
074
&#32;shares of common stock pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters&#8217; option to purchase additional shares. In addition
30
1
) pursuant to BBPP&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) on July 21
In July 2016 and September 2016
17
250
14
300
&#32;shares of common stock
 respectively
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
July&#160;7
 2015
-to-1 stock split of all outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. All share
 option
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements
December&#160;31
 2017
Trade receivables consist of uncollateralized
December&#160;31
 2017
 respectively. We also maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make payments and other actual and estimated deductions. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate
 resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2016
 the allowance for doubtful accounts was 
Trade receivables
139
110
11
4
150
115
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2016
 two customers accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net sales.  Sales to these customers represented 
December&#160;31
 2017
 2016 and 2015
Inventories
 consisting principally of finished goods available for resale and packaging materials
 are stated at the lower of cost or market value. We provide reserves for estimated obsolescence based on specific identification. If assumptions about future demand change or actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management
Property
 Plant
Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation and amortization are recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets as follows: computer equipment over 
 computer software over 
 furniture and fixtures over 
 machinery and equipment from 
 and buildings
. Computer software consists primarily of third-party software acquired and developed for internal use and is accounted for in accordance with accounting guidance on internal use software. Leasehold improvements and fixed assets purchased under capital leases are amortized over the lesser of the asset life or related lease term. When fixed assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 the accounts are relieved of the original cost of the assets and the related accumulated depreciation
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are considered impaired if the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the asset or asset group are less than the carrying amount. For impaired assets
Operating segments are components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Utilizing these criteria
 we manage our business on the basis of one reportable operating segment.
 
 and 
$1
229 million
$1
109.3 million
 and 
 respectively. Net sales outside the US for 
 
 and 
 denominated in US dollars
 were 
 
 and 
Revenue consists of sales to customers
 net of returns
 discounts
 and trade promotions. Sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the product has been shipped
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
passes
 when all risks and rewards of ownership have transferred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. In certain cases
 in which we retain the risk of loss during shipment
Trade promotions
 consisting primarily of temporary price reductions
 consumer coupons
 product placement fees
 advertising allowances
 and other rebates are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of trade promotion spending
Shipping and handling costs include related third-party labor
 warehousing
 and shipping costs
 shipping supplies
We are exposed to concentration of supplier risk with our vendors. While the Company purchases products from many different manufacturers and suppliers
 approximately 
 
 and 
 
 and 
 respectively
Advertising costs
 including production costs of television
 print
 and other advertisements
 are expensed as incurred
 shown or distributed. Advertising costs are included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and amounted to 
 
December&#160;31
 2017
 
 and 
 respectively.  
 
December&#160;31
 2017
 
 and 
 respectively
 and are primarily reported within selling
In accordance with the fair value recognition provisions of accounting guidance on share-based payments
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  Where applicable
 interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized within income tax expense
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;for the years ended December 31
 
 and 
 respectively. Income taxes paid in cash approximated 
 
 and 
December&#160;31
 2017
 
 and 
In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 &#8220;Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments
&#8221; which amends ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows. This ASU provides guidance on the statement of cash flows presentation of certain transactions where diversity in practice exists. The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-15 in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
In March 2016
 the FASB Issued ASU No. 2016-09
 &#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2016-09&#8221;). The updated guidance changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09 in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 which requires the Company to reflect any adjustments as of January 1
 2016
 the beginning of the annual period that includes the interim period of adoption. Under ASU 2016-09
&#32;for the nine months ended September 30
 2016. Upon early adopting ASU 2016-09
 the Company elected to change its accounting policy to record forfeitures as they occur rather than based on an estimate. This change was applied on a modified retrospective basis and the cumulative-effect adjustment was not recorded to retained earnings as of January 1
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Additionally
 under the guidance of ASU 2016-09
In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 &#8220;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements&#8212;Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting (SEC Update).&#8221; The new standard is intended to address the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements which was previously not addressed in ASU No. 2015-03
 &#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.&#8221; The Company adopted this standard on January 1
 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 which clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue. The guidance is applicable to all contracts with customers regardless of industry-specific or transaction-specific fact patterns. Further
 the guidance requires improved disclosures as well as additional disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In 2015
 the FASB issued a deferral of the effective date of the standard to the first quarter of 2018
 with early adoption in fiscal 2017 permitted. In 2016
 FASB issued final amendments clarifying the implementation guidance for principal versus agent considerations
 identifying performance obligations and the accounting for intellectual property licenses. Upon becoming effective
 the Company will apply the amendments in the updated standard either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
The Company established an implementation team
 completed an initial contract review
 and identified differences in its current accounting policies that would result from the implementation of the new revenue standard. Based on the work performed to date
 the Company expects to estimate and record certain variable payments
 resulting from trade promotions and customer incentives
 earlier than the historical accounting under Topic 605. The Company intends to adopt the above standards using the modified retrospective approach for the quarter ending March 31
 2018
 by recognizing the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard
 driven predominantly by the acceleration of trade promotions and customer incentives
 as a decrease to the opening balance of retained earnings
 with an immaterial impact to our net income on an ongoing annual basis. The Company does not anticipate a material impact to net revenue to its Consolidated Statement of Income. The Company has evaluated the disclosure requirements under these standards and is implementing controls to support these new disclosure requirements
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842) that replaces existing lease guidance. The new standard is intended to provide enhanced transparency and comparability of organizations by requiring lease assets and lease liabilities to be recognized on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about lease arrangements. The new guidance will continue to classify leases as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the statement of income. The standard is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2019
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
 Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory
 which requires entities to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
In November 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18
 &#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2016-18&#8221;)
 which provides guidance on the classification of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-18 is effective for our fiscal year beginning January1
In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09
In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities and as of December 31, 2017, the Company's 2012 through 2013 income tax returns were being audited by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS&#8221;). There are also various state tax examinations in progress primarily attributable to state nexus matters relating to prior year amended tax returns which have been considered in the Company&#8217;s position for uncertain tax benefits. In general
December&#160;31
 2017
 
 and 2015 the liability for income taxes associated with uncertain tax positions was 
 
 and 
 respectively
 which if recognized
 would affect our effective tax rate. The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits (which excludes federal benefits of state taxes
 interest
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Balance at December 31
7
1
Balance at December 31
9
1
(2
Balance at December 31
8
1
Balance at December 31
9
years ended December 31

 the Company recorded approximately 
 respectively
 of interest and 
 respectively
Based upon the expiration of statutes of limitations and possible settlements in several jurisdictions
year ended December 31
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
2
1
1
2
1
1
2
1
1
1
1
2
1
Deferred tax assets
11
14
(3
(1
Total deferred tax assets
8
12
Property
 plant
(14
(22
(1
(15
(23
(7
(11
As of December 31
 2017
; these NOLs begin to expire in 2034
 2027
&#32;as of December 31
 2017; these credits will begin to expire in 2026. As of December 31
 2017 the Company has Japan NOLs of 
; these NOLs will begin to expire in 2024
 2024 and 2034
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;to reduce our deferred tax assets to an amount more likely than not to be realized. This valuation allowance relates to state tax credits and foreign net operating losses. In evaluating the Company&#8217;s ability to realize its deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management also considers the projected reversal of deferred tax liabilities and projected future taxable income in making this assessment. Based upon this assessment
 management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences
December&#160;31
The Company has not provided deferred taxes on undistributed earnings from its foreign subsidiaries
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
On December 22
 2017 President Donald Trump signed into law The Tax Cuts and Job Act of 2017 (&#8220;Tax Act&#8221;). The legislation created many changes in the current tax law. However; the key areas that are expected to impact the Company include: the reduction in the Federal tax rate to 21% effective January 1
 2018
 the removal of the Domestic Activities Production Deduction (&#8220;DPAD&#8221;) effective January 1
 2018
 the deemed repatriation of foreign unremitted earnings
 and the allowance for 100% bonus depreciation for fixed assets placed in service after September 27
 2017. The Company has revalued its deferred tax liability as of December 31
 2017
. This adjustment has been included in tax expense for the period ending December 31
 2017
). The Company has also looked at its cumulative foreign earnings in its various subsidiaries and determined that at this time the impact of the deemed repatriation of foreign unremitted earnings is immaterial. Going forward the Company anticipates that the increase in bonus depreciation
 removal of DPAD and decrease in the Federal tax rate will impact the company&#8217;s tax expense and effective tax rate. The Company expects additional guidance to be issued with respect to the Tax Act in future periods
 however
 such guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the provisional amount recorded for the year ended December 31
The Company's financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 other current liabilities
 deferred compensation
 and debt
 none of which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
The Company accounts for its fair value measurements in accordance with accounting guidance which defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
-&#160;&#160;Inputs that are unobservable (for example
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2016
 we had approximately 
 respectively
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
The Company reports transfers in and out of Levels 1
 2
 and 3
 as applicable
&#32;transfers in or out of Level 1
 2
years ended December 31
Assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis relate primarily to our tangible fixed assets. For these assets
 we do not periodically adjust carrying value to fair value
 except in the event of impairment. Should we determine that an impairment has occurred
December&#160;31
 2017
December&#160;31
 2016
&#32;(Level 2). The estimated fair value of the Company&#8217;s debt was based primarily on reported market values
 recently completed market transactions and estimates based upon interest rates
 maturities
The Company sponsors a defined contribution plan. This plan covers employees who are at least 18 years of age and have completed a 6-month time period of employment. Employees are eligible to participate in the plan on the first day of the plan year month coinciding with the date in which the employee satisfies the eligibility requirements. The plan provides for the option of employee contributions up to statutory limits
&#32;of the employees contributions
years ended December 31

 
During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company filed an Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation which
 among other things
1
500
000
&#32;shares of common stock
&#32;per share
150
000
&#32;shares of blank check preferred stock
&#32;per share
 which may be issued in one or more series of Preferred Stock with such powers
 preferences and relative
 participating
 optional and other special rights
 and the qualifications
December&#160;31
 2017
1
500
000
150
000
&#32;shares
December&#160;31
 2017
197
615
195
522
290
December&#160;31
On July 31
 2017
 the Board of Directors approved the terms of a share repurchase program
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
primarily used to offset dilution caused by the issuance and exercise of stock options and other equity compensation programs. The Company repurchased shares through open market purchases in accordance with applicable federal securities laws
 including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans and under Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Purchases were made at times and prices considered appropriate by management. Repurchased common stock is available for use in connection with the Company's stock plans and for other corporate purposes. Based on the Company&#8217;s strong cash flow and balance sheet
 this program did not impact our ability to execute our business plans
During August 2017
 the Company repurchased approximately 
 and a total cost of 
 including broker's commissions. As of December 31
 2017
Under the Company&#8217;s 2012 Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. Stock Purchase and Option Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;)
 the Board of Directors is authorized to award incentive stock options (ISOs) and non-qualified
 stock appreciation rights (SARs)
 restricted stock
 performance units
 performance-based stock awards
 dividend equivalent rights
 and other stock-based grants. Participation in the Plan is limited to key employees
 officers
On March 4
 2013
210
14
242
December&#160;31
 2017
5
230
December&#160;31
 2017
205
In July 2015
 the Board of Directors adopted and our shareholders approved the Blue Buffalo Pet Products
8
400
. The 2015 Plan provides for the grant of stock options (ISOs and non-qualified)
 SARs
 restricted stock awards (RSAs)
 restricted stock units (RSUs)
 performance units
 performance-based stock awards
December&#160;31
 2017
114
&#32;RSAs
157
&#32;RSUs
574
December&#160;31
 2017
7
552
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Prior to the IPO
 the Company used a third party valuation specialist to assist it in the estimation of the fair value of its common stock.  The Company believed these valuations to be appropriate; however
 the valuation of the equity of any private company involves various estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual values. Effective with the IPO
 the Company bases its common stock value on quoted market prices. The expected volatility assumption is based on the combination of the Company's historical volatility and selected companies from its peer group. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury implied yield at the date of grant. The weighted-average expected term is determined with reference to historical exercise and post-vesting cancellation experience
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
&#32;(dollars in millions
Outstanding
 December 31
4
248
383
(1
055
(117
(42
Outstanding
 December 31
3
416
Exercisable
 December 31
2
727
179
184
199
135
 
 and 
 was 
 
 and 
 respectively.  In accordance with the early adoption of ASU 2016-09
&#32;of excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options to our provision for income taxes during 2016. Under the previous guidance
&#32;of excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options to additional paid-in capital during the year ended December 31
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
December&#160;31
Outstanding at December 31
61
35
106
(35
(1
(9
Outstanding at December 31
157
During the year ended December 31
 2017
35
430
 of which the full amount was recognized as a component of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31
During the year ended December 31
 2017
106
609
2
1
5
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Twelve months ended December 31
(dollars in thousands
193
130
89
196
256
196
363
195
933
2
662
2
985
2
113
198
918
199
348
198
047
512
275
49
The Company leases various facilities
 vehicles
 and equipment under operating leases with terms expiring at various times through 2025.  Rent expense under operating leases was approximately 
 
December&#160;31
 2017
 
 and 
December&#160;31
6
6
6
5
11
35
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
December&#160;31
15
13
2
456
333
123
472
347
125
We are a party to a number of pending claims and lawsuits arising in the normal course of business
 including proceedings involving tort and other general liability claims
 workers&#8217; compensation and other employee claims
We maintain general and other liability insurance; however
 certain costs of defending lawsuits are not covered by or are only partially covered by insurance policies
We do not consider our ultimate liability with respect to any single claim or lawsuit
 or the aggregate of such claims and lawsuits
 to be material in relation to our consolidated financial condition
 results of operations
On November 2
 2016
 we entered into a settlement agreement with Nestl&#233; Purina Petcare Company (&#8220;Nestl&#233; Purina&#8221;) pursuant to which we paid Nestl&#233; Purina 
 each party dismissed all of its claims and counterclaims against the other
 including claims raised in the parties&#8217; longstanding litigation in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri
 with prejudice
 and we dismissed
 with prejudice
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
On December 9
 2015
 we entered into a settlement agreement to resolve thirteen consolidated class action lawsuits in the U.S. (the &#8220;Class Action Settlement&#8221;). Under the terms of the Class Action Settlement
&#32;into a settlement fund
 and on January&#160;8
 2016
Invus Partners
 LLC
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;of the Company's outstanding common stock
December&#160;31
 2017
 respectively.  Several of the members of the Company's Board of Directors (BOD) are members of Invus Partners
 LLC
In addition
 Kunkemueller Enterprises LP
 which is owned in part by the wife of one of the members of our BOD
December&#160;31
 2017
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
years ended December 31
301
294
340
336
138
137
160
151
Selling
 general
66
69
75
75
72
68
85
76
44
42
53
53
196
621
196
994
196
121
195
302
199
524
199
618
198
659
197
889
279
286
287
295
123
127
133
131
Selling
 general
59
65
65
71
63
61
35
60
37
36
21
34
196
217
196
270
196
445
196
516
198
160
198
441
199
452
199
446
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Proposed Merger with General Mills
February&#160;22
 2018
 the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;) by and among General Mills
 Inc. (&#8220;GMI&#8221;)
 the Company and Bravo Merger Corp. (&#8220;Merger Sub&#8221;). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement
 Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Registrant (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;)
 with the Registrant continuing as the surviving company in the Merger and a wholly-owned subsidiary of GMI. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement
 at the effective time of the Merger
 each share of common stock
&#32;per share
 of the Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock held by GMI
 Merger Sub or any other wholly-owned subsidiary of GMI
 shares owned by the Company (including shares held in treasury) or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries
&#32;per share in cash
Completion of the Merger is subject to certain conditions
We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Any controls and procedures
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act
 as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this annual report
 were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to changes in conditions
Management
 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this evaluation
 management concluded that
 as of December 31
 2017
Our internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2017
 has been audited by KPMG LLP
 the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as stated in their attestation report
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
The following table sets forth information with respect to shares of our common stock that may be issued under our existing equity compensation plans
December&#160;31
Number&#160;of&#160;Securities to&#160;be&#160;Issued&#160;Upon Exercise&#160;of&#160; Outstanding Options
Outstanding&#160;Options
Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Purchase and Option Plan of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
2
842
205
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
731
7
552
3
574
7
758
2
842
157
574
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2017
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27
Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement
 dated January 21
 2015
 by and among the Registrant
 certain stockholders party thereto and Invus
 L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file no. 333-204847) filed on June 10
Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the June 10
Offer Letter
 dated September 12
 2012
 between Michael Nathenson and Blue Buffalo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (file no. 333-204847) filed on July 8
Offer Letter
 dated October 1
 2012
 between Kurt T. Schmidt and Blue Buffalo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the July 8
Retirement and Separation Agreement
 dated November 9
 2016
 between Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. and Kurt Schmidt (incorporated by reference to Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 10
Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Purchase and Option Plan of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the June 10
Form of 2012 Stock Purchase and Option Plan of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the June 10
Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the July 8
Form of Option Agreement under the Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 10
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 10
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the July 8
Form of Confidentiality
 Intellectual Property Ownership and Non-Competition Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (file no. 333-204847) filed on June 25
Credit Agreement dated May 25
 2017 among Blue Pet Products
 Inc.
 the Lenders from time to time parties thereto
 Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners
 Citibank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Syndication Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31
Subsidiaries of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves
 and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
BLUE BUFFALO PET PRODUCTS
/s/&#160;William Bishop
William Bishop
February&#160;26
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
/s/&#160;&#160;&#160;William Bishop
Chief Executive Officer
 President
February 26
William Bishop
Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
February 26
February 26
February 26
February 26
February 26
February 26
February 26
February 26
February 26
 2018














		


Subsidiaries of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
The following are subsidiaries of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Blue Pet Products
Blue Buffalo Company
Sierra Pet Products
Great Plains Leasing
Heartland Pet Food Manufacturing
Heartland Pet Food Manufacturing Holding
Heartland Pet Food Manufacturing Indiana
Blue Buffalo Pet Products Canada
Blue Buffalo Mexico
Blue Buffalo Import Mexico
Blue Buffalo Pet Food Co.
 Ltd.














		


Blue Buffalo Pet Products
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-213594) on Form S-3 of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. of our report dated February 26
 2018
 with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. as of December&#160;31
 2017 and 2016
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows
 for each of the years in the three-year period ended December&#160;31
 2017
 and the related notes (collectively
 the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;)
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017
 which report appears in the December&#160;31
 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Stamford
February 26
 2018














		


I
 William Bishop
 Jr.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017 of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
February&#160;26
/s/ William Bishop
William Bishop
 Jr.














		


I
 Michael Nathenson
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017 of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
February&#160;26
Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Treasurer 














		


In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) for the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 we
 the undersigned officers of the Company
 do hereby certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
February&#160;26
/s/ William Bishop
William Bishop
Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Treasurer


















			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			



		




				


				




		


		


		


		


		

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;18
658&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Accrued bonuses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;11
196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;12
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Accrued capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Accrued inventory in transit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Accrued media&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;10
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;25
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;12
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;70
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;59


 including production costs of television
 print
 and other advertisements
 are expensed as incurred


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=20 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:31%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Less Than 1 Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1-3 Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3-5 Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;More Than 5 Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Finished goods minimum purchase obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;15
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;13
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Raw material purchase obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;456
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;333
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;123
120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total contractual obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;472
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;347
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;125
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Litigation &amp;amp; Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;We are a party to a number of pending claims and lawsuits arising in the normal course of business
 including proceedings involving tort and other general liability claims
 workers&amp;#8217; compensation and other employee claims
 and claims relating to our advertising and intellectual property. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;We maintain general and other liability insurance; however
 certain costs of defending lawsuits are not covered by or are only partially covered by insurance policies
 and our insurance carriers could refuse to cover certain claims in whole or in part. We regularly evaluate our ultimate liability with respect to such claims and lawsuits. We accrue potential losses from litigation as they become probable and estimable. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;We do not consider our ultimate liability with respect to any single claim or lawsuit
 or the aggregate of such claims and lawsuits
 to be material in relation to our consolidated financial condition
 results of operations
 or our cash flows taken as a whole.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Nestl&amp;#233; Purina and Related Litigations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;On November 2
 2016
 we entered into a settlement agreement with Nestl&amp;#233; Purina Petcare Company (&amp;#8220;Nestl&amp;#233; Purina&amp;#8221;) pursuant to which we paid Nestl&amp;#233; Purina &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$32.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 each party dismissed all of its claims and counterclaims against the other
 including claims raised in the parties&amp;#8217; longstanding litigation in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri
 with prejudice
 and we dismissed
 with prejudice
 our claims against Nestl&amp;#233; Purina&amp;#8217;s advertising and public relations agencies (the &amp;#8220;Nestl&amp;#233; Purina Settlement&amp;#8221;). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;On December 9
 2015
 we entered into a settlement agreement to resolve thirteen consolidated class action lawsuits in the U.S. (the &amp;#8220;Class Action Settlement&amp;#8221;). Under the terms of the Class Action Settlement
 we agreed to pay &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$32.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; into a settlement fund
 and on January&amp;#160;8
 2016


 of which we match up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of the employees contributions
 at a rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; on the first &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; on the next &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;. Company contributions to the plan totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; for each of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;years ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;




 approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;43%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;41%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;44%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of the Company&amp;#8217;s cost of sales in  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively

	

914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;383
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(4
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(3
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:48px;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;389
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;379
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;New Credit Agreement &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;On May 25
 2017
 the Company
 as borrower
 entered into a credit agreement (the &amp;#8220;Credit Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Citibank
 N.A.
 as administrative agent
 and a syndicate of financial institutions
 as lenders and other agents. The Credit Agreement provides for a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$120.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; revolving facility (the &amp;#8220;Revolving Facility&amp;#8221;)
 of which up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$10.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; is available for letters of credit
 and for a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$400.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; term loan facility (the &amp;#8220;Term Facility&amp;#8221;). A majority of the proceeds of the Term Facility were used to refinance the Old Credit Agreement (as defined below). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;All obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by each of the material wholly-owned domestic restricted subsidiaries of the Company
 subject to certain exceptions. Substantially all of the assets of the Company and each guarantor
 subject to customary exceptions
 are pledged as collateral in support of all obligations under the Credit Agreement
 and the guarantees of those obligations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Pursuant to the Credit Agreement
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of the Term Facility must be repaid each fiscal quarter commencing with the fiscal quarter of the Company ending September 30
 2017. Upon maturity on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;May&amp;#160;25
 2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 the remaining principal balance of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$373.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; will be due. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Interest under the Revolving Facility and the Term Facility is payable
 at the Company&amp;#8217;s option
 either at a base rate (subject to a floor of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and based on the highest of the prime rate
 the overnight federal funds rate plus 1/2 of 1.00% and the one-month LIBOR rate plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;) plus an applicable margin of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; per annum or a LIBOR-based rate (subject to a floor of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;) plus an applicable margin of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; per annum. The interest payment dates of the loans are dependent on the duration of the interest periods for the types of loans selected by the Company and are set forth in the Credit Agreement. Such applicable margins will be reduced by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 in each case
 if (i) the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated First Lien Gross Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is less than or equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; or (ii) the Company maintains credit rating equal to or higher than Baa3 from Moody&amp;#8217;s and BBB- from S&amp;amp;P. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s Term Facility and Revolving Facility contain financial covenants
 including a financial covenant to maintain
 commencing on December 31
 2017
 a Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (&amp;#8220;leverage ratio&amp;#8221;)
 defined as
 with certain adjustments
 the ratio of (i) the Company&amp;#8217;s net debt that is secured by certain liens on the collateral to (ii) consolidated net income before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization for the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters for which financial statements have been delivered
 that does not exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;. The Credit Agreement also sets forth mandatory and optional prepayment conditions
 including
 commencing with the fiscal year ending on December 31
 2018
 an annual excess cash flow requirement
 as defined
 that may result in our use of cash to reduce our debt obligations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Termination of Old Credit Agreement &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;On May 25
 2017
 in connection with the closing of the Credit Agreement
 the Company repaid in full approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$382.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of borrowings under the Credit Agreement
 dated as of August 8
 2012
 by and among Blue Pet Products
 Inc.
 Blue Buffalo Company
 Ltd.
 the lenders from time to time party thereto and Citibank
 N.A as administrative agent (as amended from time to time
 the &amp;#8220;Old Credit Agreement&amp;#8221;). The credit facilities and related agreements and documents under the Old Credit Agreement were terminated and amounts due and payable thereunder were repaid upon the effectiveness of the Credit Agreement. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounting Treatment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Based on management&amp;#8217;s review of the Credit Agreement and the refinancing transaction
 the accounting for debt extinguishment applied. As such
 the costs incurred related to third parties and debt issuance of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$4.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; were treated as a direct deduction of the net carrying amount of the Term Facility. These costs will be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method through the Term Facility&amp;#8217;s maturity date of May 25
 2024. There were no direct costs categorized as payments to creditors related to the Term Facility. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Fees paid to creditors of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$0.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; related to the Revolving Facility. As the borrowing capacity of the Revolving Facility is greater than the borrowing capacity that existed under the Old Credit Agreement
 these costs are deferred and will be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the Revolving Facility&amp;#8217;s term
 maturing on May 25
 2022. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 we had a carrying value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$393.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of term loan borrowings (fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$395.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;) at an effective interest rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;3.72%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facility. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$383.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of term loan borrowings (fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$386.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;) at an effective interest rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;3.79%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;During the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 the Company incurred total interest expense of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$14.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$15.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$15.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;. During the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and 2016 the Company capitalized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$3.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of interest expense
 respectively
 related to the  expansion of our internal manufacturing capabilities. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; interest expense was capitalized during the year ended December 31
 2015. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The Credit Agreement contains other customary terms
 including (i) representations and warranties
 (ii) affirmative covenants
 (iii) negative covenants
 including limitations on indebtedness
 liens
 mergers
 acquisitions
 asset sales
 investments
 distributions
 prepayments of subordinated debt
 and transactions with affiliates
 in each case subject to baskets
 thresholds and other exceptions
 and a financial covenant to maintain a certain Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as set forth in the Credit Agreement
 and (iv) customary events of default. The Company believes it was in compliance with its financial debt covenants in the Credit Agreement as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31


 Inc. Stock Purchase and Option Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;)
 the Board of Directors is authorized to award incentive stock options (ISOs) and non-qualified
 stock appreciation rights (SARs)
 restricted stock
 performance units
 performance-based stock awards
 dividend equivalent rights
 and other stock-based grants. Participation in the Plan is limited to key employees
 officers
 and directors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;On March 4
 2013
 the Plan was amended to increase the maximum number of shares of stock available under the Plan by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;210
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; shares to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;14
242
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; shares (the &amp;#8220;Amended Plan&amp;#8221;).  As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 there were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5
230
642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; shares of common stock reserved under the Amended Plan.  As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 the maximum number of shares available for grant under the Amended Plan was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;205
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In July 2015
 the Board of Directors adopted and our shareholders approved the Blue Buffalo Pet Products
 Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (&amp;#8220;2015 Plan&amp;#8221;). The 2015 Plan provides that the total number of shares of common stock that may be issued under our 2015 Plan is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;8
400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;. The 2015 Plan provides for the grant of stock options (ISOs and non-qualified)
 SARs
 restricted stock awards (RSAs)
 restricted stock units (RSUs)
 performance units
 performance-based stock awards
 dividend equivalent rights and other stock-based incentive awards. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 the Company has granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;114
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; RSAs
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;157
792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; RSUs
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;574
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; stock options under the 2015 Plan. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 the maximum number of shares available for grant under the 2015 Plan was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;7
552
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options on the date of grant.  Stock options granted under the 2012 plan are subject to pro-rata vesting and grants under the 2015 Plan are subject to cliff vesting. The fair value of stock options is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Prior to the IPO
 the Company used a third party valuation specialist to assist it in the estimation of the fair value of its common stock.  The Company believed these valuations to be appropriate; however
 the valuation of the equity of any private company involves various estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual values. Effective with the IPO
 the Company bases its common stock value on quoted market prices. The expected volatility assumption is based on the combination of the Company's historical volatility and selected companies from its peer group. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury implied yield at the date of grant. The weighted-average expected term is determined with reference to historical exercise and post-vesting cancellation experience
 and the vesting period and contractual term of the awards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The following are the weighted-average assumptions used for grants issued:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:571px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:238px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:86px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:86px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:86px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;For the years ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:1px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;30.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;32.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;23.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:1px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:1px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Expected term (years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:1px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:1px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Grant-date fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;7.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The following table summarizes stock option activity during the year and also presents stock options outstanding and exercisable as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; (dollars in millions
 except for per share data):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:597px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:226px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:76px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:77px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:89px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:75px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number of&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (In Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding
 December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4
248
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;7.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;383
887&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;23.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(1
055
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(117
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;15.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(42
641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;10.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding
 December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;3
416
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;9.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;3.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;81.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
727
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;73.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 the Company granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;184
752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; ISOs and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;199
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; nonqualified stock options. The intrinsic value of options exercised during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$22.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$4.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$5.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively.  In accordance with the early adoption of ASU 2016-09
 the Company recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options to our provision for income taxes during 2016. Under the previous guidance
 the Company recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options to additional paid-in capital during the year ended December 31
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:left;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:left;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:left;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:left;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Restricted Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The following table summarizes RSA and RSU activity for the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:576px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:234px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:77px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:68px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:76px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:68px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;RSAs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number of&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number of&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;61
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;25.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;35
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;23.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;106
609&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;23.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Vested &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(35
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;23.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(1
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;24.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(9
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;24.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;157
792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;23.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 members of the Company's Board of Directors received a fully-vested grant of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;35
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; RSAs with a three-year holding restriction under the 2015 Plan. The total fair value of these RSAs on the date of grant was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$0.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 of which the full amount was recognized as a component of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company granted &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;106
609&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; RSUs under the 2015 Plan to its employees. The stock-based compensation cost for RSUs is measured based on the closing fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. RSUs have a three-year cliff vesting term. The total fair value of these restricted stock units on the date of grant was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$2.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 which will be recognized as a component of stock-based compensation expense and amortized on a straight-line basis over the three-year vesting term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:left;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock-based Compensation Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Unrecognized stock-based compensation related to outstanding unvested stock options and restricted stock units is expected to be recognized in the Company&amp;#8217;s statements of income as follows (by fiscal year):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:50.44444444444445%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:70%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:28%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(dollars in thousands
 except for share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;193
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;130
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;89
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;196
256
128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;196
363
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;195
933
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Dilutive effect of stock options and RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
662
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
985
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
113
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;198
918
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;199
348
746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;198
047
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Basic net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Diluted net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:18px;text-indent:-18px;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Anti-dilutive shares excluded from diluted earnings per share computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;512
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;275
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;49


 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 other current liabilities
 deferred compensation
 and debt
 none of which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and other current liabilities approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments. The Company&amp;#8217;s long-term financial liability consists of long-term debt. Long-term debt is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at issuance price and adjusted for any applicable unamortized discounts or premiums.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The Company accounts for its fair value measurements in accordance with accounting guidance which defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.&amp;#160;The fair value hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:174%;text-align:justify;padding-left:48px;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;-&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:174%;text-align:justify;padding-left:48px;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;-&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:174%;text-align:left;padding-left:48px;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;-&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Inputs that are unobservable (for example
 cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 we had approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$255.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$270.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively
 of cash invested in interest bearing demand deposit accounts and money market deposit accounts which were included in cash and cash equivalents on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets (Level 1).  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The Company reports transfers in and out of Levels 1
 2
 and 3
 as applicable
 using the fair value of the individual securities as of the beginning of the reporting period in which the transfer(s) occurred.  There were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; transfers in or out of Level 1
 2
 or 3 during the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;years ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis relate primarily to our tangible fixed assets. For these assets
 we do not periodically adjust carrying value to fair value
 except in the event of impairment. Should we determine that an impairment has occurred
 the carrying value would be reduced to fair value and the difference is recorded as an impairment loss in our consolidated statements of income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 the carrying value of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding borrowings under the credit facility was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$393.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; as compared to a fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$395.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; (Level 2). As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 the carrying value of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding borrowings under the credit facility was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$383.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; as compared to a fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$386.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; (Level 2). The estimated fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s debt was based primarily on reported market values
 recently completed market transactions and estimates based upon interest rates
 maturities


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Current tax provision: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;91
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;57
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;60
826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;12
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;6
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;7
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total current provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;104
102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;64
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;68
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred tax provision:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(6
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;9
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(9
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
532&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(2
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total deferred (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(4
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;11
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(12
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;99
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;76
567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;55
930&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Components of income (loss) before income taxes are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:597px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:284px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:88px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:88px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:88px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;For the years ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;298
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;211
419&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;147
427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(5
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(4
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(2
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;293
325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;206
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;145
318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;A reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to our effective rate is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:598px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:309px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:77px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:77px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:77px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;For the years ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;35.0 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;35.0 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;35.0 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Non-deductible expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Stock option exercises&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Impact of Tax Act&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;37.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;38.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the United States and various state and local
 and foreign jurisdictions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In the normal course of business
 the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities and as of December 31
 2017
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In March 2016, the FASB Issued ASU No. 2016-09, &amp;#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2016-09&amp;#8221;). The updated guidance changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09 in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 which requires the Company to reflect any adjustments as of January 1, 2016, the beginning of the annual period that includes the interim period of adoption. Under ASU 2016-09, all excess tax benefits and deficiencies related to employee share-based compensation will be recognized within the provision for income taxes rather than additional paid-in capital under the prior guidance. The adoption of ASU 2016-09 resulted in the recognition of excess tax benefits in our provision for income taxes of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Upon early adopting ASU 2016-09, the Company elected to change its accounting policy to record forfeitures as they occur rather than based on an estimate. This change was applied on a modified retrospective basis and the cumulative-effect adjustment was not recorded to retained earnings as of January 1, 2016 as the amount was immaterial. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Additionally, under the guidance of ASU 2016-09, the Company is required to present excess tax benefits as an operating activity in the same manner as other cash flows related to income taxes on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity. The Company elected not to adjust prior year cash presentations as the impact was not material. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15, &amp;#8220;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements&amp;#8212;Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting (SEC Update).&amp;#8221; The new standard is intended to address the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements which was previously not addressed in ASU No. 2015-03, &amp;#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.&amp;#8221; The Company adopted this standard on January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations, cash flows or financial position.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounting Standards to be Adopted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue. The guidance is applicable to all contracts with customers regardless of industry-specific or transaction-specific fact patterns. Further, the guidance requires improved disclosures as well as additional disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In 2015, the FASB issued a deferral of the effective date of the standard to the first quarter of 2018, with early adoption in fiscal 2017 permitted. In 2016, FASB issued final amendments clarifying the implementation guidance for principal versus agent considerations, identifying performance obligations and the accounting for intellectual property licenses. Upon becoming effective, the Company will apply the amendments in the updated standard either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented, or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The Company established an implementation team, completed an initial contract review, and identified differences in its current accounting policies that would result from the implementation of the new revenue standard. Based on the work performed to date, the Company expects to estimate and record certain variable payments, resulting from trade promotions and customer incentives, earlier than the historical accounting under Topic 605. The Company intends to adopt the above standards using the modified retrospective approach for the quarter ending March 31, 2018, by recognizing the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard, driven predominantly by the acceleration of trade promotions and customer incentives, as a decrease to the opening balance of retained earnings, with an immaterial impact to our net income on an ongoing annual basis. The Company does not anticipate a material impact to net revenue to its Consolidated Statement of Income. The Company has evaluated the disclosure requirements under these standards and is implementing controls to support these new disclosure requirements, which will include additional disclosures of disaggregated net sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) that replaces existing lease guidance. The new standard is intended to provide enhanced transparency and comparability of organizations by requiring lease assets and lease liabilities to be recognized on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about lease arrangements. The new guidance will continue to classify leases as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the statement of income. The standard is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019, with early application permitted. The new standard is required to be applied with a modified retrospective approach to each prior reporting period presented with various optional practical expedients. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory, which requires entities to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of a fiscal year. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition method which is a cumulative-effective adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first effective reporting period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2016-18&amp;#8221;), which provides guidance on the classification of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-18 is effective for our fiscal year beginning January1, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-18 to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09, &amp;#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718) (ASU 2017-09) which provides clarity and expects to reduce both (1) diversity in practice and (2) cost and complexity when applying guidance in Topic 718
 to a change to the terms or conditions of a share-based award. ASU 2017-09 is effective after December 15
 2017


146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;18
658&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Accrued bonuses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;11
196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;12
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Accrued capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Accrued inventory in transit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Accrued media&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;10
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;25
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;12
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;70
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;59

	

 Plant
 and Equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following at December 31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:82%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:60%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:17%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:17%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;59
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;59
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;52
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;49
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Computer software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;17
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;14
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Computer equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
876&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Land improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Buildings improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;219
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;53
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;358
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;186
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(31
984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(23
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;326
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;162
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization expense was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$10.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$9.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$8.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; for the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;years ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;During 2013
 Heartland and Jasper County
 Missouri (Jasper) entered into an agreement pursuant to which Jasper agreed to issue up to an aggregate principal amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$55.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of industrial revenue bonds (Bonds) to be purchased by Heartland. As noted below
 Jasper issued the bonds and used the proceeds from the Bonds to purchase manufacturing equipment from Heartland
 which was then leased back to Heartland.  As Heartland will become the owner of the equipment at the end of the lease term
 the lease meets the requirements of a capital lease and the equipment is being recorded as property
 plant
 and equipment. The Company has the right and intends to set-off any obligation to make payments under the lease agreements with the proceeds due from the Bonds. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; Jasper had issued
 and Heartland had purchased
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$55.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 of industrial revenue bonds and Jasper had purchased from
 and leased back to
 Heartland certain manufacturing equipment for a corresponding amount.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In August 2016
 Heartland and the City of Joplin
 Missouri
 or Joplin
 entered into agreements by which Joplin agreed to issue up to an aggregate principal amount of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$83.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of industrial revenue bonds to purchase from Heartland the land on which the current Joplin Dry Food Facility resides and the land on which the Jopin Treats Facility would come to reside
 and the associated buildings
 structures
 and fixtures
 including the additional manufacturing equipment included in the Joplin Treats Facility (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Property&amp;#8221;)
 which will then be leased back to Heartland. As Heartland will become the owner of the Property at the end of the lease term
 the lease meets the requirements of a capital lease and the equipment and land are recorded as property
 plant and equipment our balance sheet. The Company has the right and intends to set-off any obligation to make payments under the lease agreement with the amounts due under the industrial revenue bonds. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 Joplin had issued and Heartland had purchased approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$31.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$10.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively
 of industrial revenue bonds and Joplin had purchased from
 and leased back to


 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation and amortization are recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets as follows: computer equipment over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 computer software over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 furniture and fixtures over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 machinery and equipment from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and buildings
 building improvements and land improvements over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;40 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;. Computer software consists primarily of third-party software acquired and developed for internal use and is accounted for in accordance with accounting guidance on internal use software. Leasehold improvements and fixed assets purchased under capital leases are amortized over the lesser of the asset life or related lease term. When fixed assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 the accounts are relieved of the original cost of the assets and the related accumulated depreciation
 and any resulting profit or loss is credited or charged to operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are considered impaired if the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the asset or asset group are less than the carrying amount. For impaired assets


 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following at December 31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:82%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:60%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:17%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:2%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:17%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;59
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;59
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;52
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;49
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Computer software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;17
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;14
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Computer equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
876&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Land improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Buildings improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;219
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;53
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;358
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;186
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(31
984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(23
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;326
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;162


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; is presented in the table below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:594px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:261px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:66px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:67px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:66px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:67px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter 4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;2017:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;301
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;294
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;340
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;336
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;137
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;151
859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;72
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Basic net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Basic weighted average shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
621
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
994
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
121
691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;195
302
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted weighted average shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;199
524
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;199
618
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198
659
459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;197
889
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;279
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;286
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;287
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;295
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;123
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;127
303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;131
939&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Basic net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Basic weighted average shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
217
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
270
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
445
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
516
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted weighted average shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198
160
465&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198
441
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;199
452
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;199
446


 non-interest bearing customer obligations due under normal trade terms.  Other receivables consist primarily of reimbursable amounts due from co-manufacturers for packaging of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$4.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$3.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and income tax receivables of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$5.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively. We also maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make payments and other actual and estimated deductions. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate
 resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments
 an additional allowance could be required. Past due balances are reviewed individually for collectability. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 the allowance for doubtful accounts was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$0.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:4px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Receivables consisted of the following at December 31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;text-indent:48px;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;        &lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:472px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:273px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:84px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:84px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Trade receivables
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;139
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;110
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Other receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;11
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;150
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;115
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;We are exposed to concentration of credit risk by our customers.  Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;60%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of gross trade accounts receivable at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; were from two customers.  In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 two customers accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net sales.  Sales to these customers represented &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;59%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;63%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;69%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 2016 and 2015


 LLC
 which as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 beneficially owned &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;44.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of the Company's outstanding common stock
 and held &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$19.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$19.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of the Company's outstanding debt under the Term Facility and Amended Facility on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively.  Several of the members of the Company's Board of Directors (BOD) are members of Invus Partners
 LLC
 as well as managing directors and officers of the general partner of the Company's majority shareholder and managing directors and officers of an investment advisor to the Company's majority shareholder.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In addition
 Kunkemueller Enterprises LP
 which is owned in part by the wife of one of the members of our BOD
 held &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of the Company's debt under the Term Facility and Amended Facility on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$9.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$9.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and are primarily reported within selling


 net of returns
 discounts
 and trade promotions. Sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the product has been shipped
 when title passes
 when all risks and rewards of ownership have transferred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. In certain cases
 in which we retain the risk of loss during shipment
 revenue recognition does not occur until the product has reached the specified customer.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Trade promotions
 consisting primarily of temporary price reductions
 consumer coupons
 product placement fees
 advertising allowances
 and other rebates are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of trade promotion spending


 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;139
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;110
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Other receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;11
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;150
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;115


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Current tax provision: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;91
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;57
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;60
826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;12
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;6
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;7
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total current provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;104
102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;64
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;68
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred tax provision:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(6
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;9
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(9
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
532&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(2
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total deferred (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(4
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;11
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(12
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;99
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;76
567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;55


914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;383
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Less current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(4
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(3
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:48px;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;389
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;379


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Long-term incentive plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;State net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Foreign net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;State tax credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Federal benefit related to uncertain tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;11
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;14
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(3
489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(1
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;8
363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;12
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(14
910&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(22
173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(1
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(15
406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(23
691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(7
043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(11


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(dollars in thousands
 except for share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;193
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;130
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;89
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;196
256
128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;196
363
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;195
933
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Dilutive effect of stock options and RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
662
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
985
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
113
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;198
918
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;199
348
746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;198
047
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Basic net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Diluted net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;0.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:18px;text-indent:-18px;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Anti-dilutive shares excluded from diluted earnings per share computation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;512
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;275
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;49


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;35.0 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;35.0 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;35.0 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;State income taxes


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:359px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:240px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:105px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 rowspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total                   non-cancellable      leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;6
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;6
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;6
029&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5
123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;11
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;35


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;298
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;211
419&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;147
427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(5
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(4
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(2
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total income before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;293
325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;206
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;145


606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;67
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Work in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Packaging and supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;79
945&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;70


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; is presented in the table below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:594px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:261px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:66px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:67px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:66px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:67px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter 4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;2017:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;301
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;294
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;340
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;336
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;137
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;151
859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;72
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68
314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Basic net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Basic weighted average shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
621
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
994
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
121
691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;195
302
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted weighted average shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;199
524
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;199
618
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198
659
459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;197
889
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;279
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;286
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;287
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;295
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;123
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;127
303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;131
939&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Basic net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Basic weighted average shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
217
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
270
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
445
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196
516
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted weighted average shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198
160
465&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;198
441
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;199
452
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;199
446


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:576px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:234px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:77px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:68px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:76px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:68px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;RSAs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number of&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number of&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;61
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;25.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;35
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;23.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;106
609&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;23.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Vested &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(35
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;23.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(1
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;24.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(9
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;24.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;157


819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5


 we manage our business on the basis of one reportable operating segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Net sales in the United States (&amp;#8220;US&amp;#8221;) for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1
229 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1
109.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$990.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively. Net sales outside the US for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 denominated in US dollars
 were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$45.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$40.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$36.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; (dollars in millions
 except for per share data):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:597px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:226px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:76px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:77px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:89px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:75px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number of&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (In Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding
 December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4
248
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;7.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;383
887&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;23.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(1
055
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(117
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;15.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;(42
641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;10.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Outstanding
 December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;3
416
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;9.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;3.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;81.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2
727


 warehousing
 and shipping costs
 shipping supplies


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 the Company effected a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;-to-1 stock split of all outstanding shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock. All share
 option
 and per share information presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect the stock split on a retroactive basis for all periods presented and all share information is rounded down to the nearest whole share after reflecting the stock split. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents include all cash balances and highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less.  Cash and cash equivalents consist of both interest and non-interest bearing accounts.  At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; accounts in excess of the U.S. federal deposit insurance limit.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Trade receivables consist of uncollateralized
 non-interest bearing customer obligations due under normal trade terms.  Other receivables consist primarily of reimbursable amounts due from co-manufacturers for packaging of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$4.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$3.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and income tax receivables of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$5.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively. We also maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make payments and other actual and estimated deductions. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate
 resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments
 an additional allowance could be required. Past due balances are reviewed individually for collectability. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 the allowance for doubtful accounts was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$0.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:4px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Receivables consisted of the following at December 31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;text-indent:48px;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;        &lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:472px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:273px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:84px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:84px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Trade receivables
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;139
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;110
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Other receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;11
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;4
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;150
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;115
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;We are exposed to concentration of credit risk by our customers.  Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;60%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of gross trade accounts receivable at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; were from two customers.  In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 two customers accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net sales.  Sales to these customers represented &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;59%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;63%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;69%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Inventories
 consisting principally of finished goods available for resale and packaging materials
 are stated at the lower of cost or market value. We provide reserves for estimated obsolescence based on specific identification. If assumptions about future demand change or actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management
 we may require additional reserves. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation and amortization are recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets as follows: computer equipment over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 computer software over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 furniture and fixtures over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 machinery and equipment from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and buildings
 building improvements and land improvements over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;40 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;. Computer software consists primarily of third-party software acquired and developed for internal use and is accounted for in accordance with accounting guidance on internal use software. Leasehold improvements and fixed assets purchased under capital leases are amortized over the lesser of the asset life or related lease term. When fixed assets are sold or otherwise disposed of
 the accounts are relieved of the original cost of the assets and the related accumulated depreciation
 and any resulting profit or loss is credited or charged to operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are considered impaired if the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the asset or asset group are less than the carrying amount. For impaired assets
 we measure and recognize a loss equal to the difference between the carrying amount of the asset or asset group and its estimated fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Operating segments are components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Utilizing these criteria
 we manage our business on the basis of one reportable operating segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Net sales in the United States (&amp;#8220;US&amp;#8221;) for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1
229 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1
109.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$990.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively. Net sales outside the US for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 denominated in US dollars
 were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$45.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$40.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$36.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively. Substantially all of our long-lived assets are located in the United States. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Revenue consists of sales to customers
 net of returns
 discounts
 and trade promotions. Sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the product has been shipped
 when title passes
 when all risks and rewards of ownership have transferred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. In certain cases
 in which we retain the risk of loss during shipment
 revenue recognition does not occur until the product has reached the specified customer.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Trade promotions
 consisting primarily of temporary price reductions
 consumer coupons
 product placement fees
 advertising allowances
 and other rebates are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of trade promotion spending
 which is recognized at the later of the date on which the Company recognizes the related revenue or the date on which the Company offers the incentive. Most of these arrangements have terms of approximately one year.  Accruals for expected payouts under these programs are included in other current liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shipping and Handling&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Shipping and handling costs include related third-party labor
 warehousing
 and shipping costs
 shipping supplies
 and certain distribution overhead. Our shipping and handling costs are included within cost of sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Vendor Concentration &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;We are exposed to concentration of supplier risk with our vendors. While the Company purchases products from many different manufacturers and suppliers
 approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;43%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;41%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;44%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of the Company&amp;#8217;s cost of sales in  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively
 were derived from products purchased from the Company&amp;#8217;s five largest manufacturers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Advertising&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Advertising costs
 including production costs of television
 print
 and other advertisements
 are expensed as incurred
 shown or distributed. Advertising costs are included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and amounted to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$132.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$101.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$83.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Research and Development&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;We engage in a variety of research and development activities principally to develop new products and improve the quality of existing products.  Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.  Research and development costs were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$11.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$9.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$9.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and are primarily reported within selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock-based Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In accordance with the fair value recognition provisions of accounting guidance on share-based payments
 we recognize stock-based compensation expense for our share-based payments based on the fair value of the awards at the grant date. The fair value of our stock option grants is determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the stock-based award. See Note 11 for further details.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  Where applicable
 interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized within income tax expense
 respectively.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;padding-left:60px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Supplemental Cash Flow Information&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Interest paid in cash approximated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$14.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; for the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$15.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; for the years ended December 31
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively. Income taxes paid in cash approximated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$105.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$54.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$54.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;
 respectively.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Standards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 &amp;#8220;Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments
&amp;#8221; which amends ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows. This ASU provides guidance on the statement of cash flows presentation of certain transactions where diversity in practice exists. The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-15 in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial position.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In March 2016
 the FASB Issued ASU No. 2016-09
 &amp;#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2016-09&amp;#8221;). The updated guidance changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09 in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 which requires the Company to reflect any adjustments as of January 1
 2016
 the beginning of the annual period that includes the interim period of adoption. Under ASU 2016-09
 all excess tax benefits and deficiencies related to employee share-based compensation will be recognized within the provision for income taxes rather than additional paid-in capital under the prior guidance. The adoption of ASU 2016-09 resulted in the recognition of excess tax benefits in our provision for income taxes of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; for the nine months ended September 30
 2016. Upon early adopting ASU 2016-09
 the Company elected to change its accounting policy to record forfeitures as they occur rather than based on an estimate. This change was applied on a modified retrospective basis and the cumulative-effect adjustment was not recorded to retained earnings as of January 1
 2016 as the amount was immaterial. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;Additionally
 under the guidance of ASU 2016-09
 the Company is required to present excess tax benefits as an operating activity in the same manner as other cash flows related to income taxes on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity. The Company elected not to adjust prior year cash presentations as the impact was not material. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 &amp;#8220;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements&amp;#8212;Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting (SEC Update).&amp;#8221; The new standard is intended to address the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements which was previously not addressed in ASU No. 2015-03
 &amp;#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.&amp;#8221; The Company adopted this standard on January 1
 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial position.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounting Standards to be Adopted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 which clarifies the principles for recognizing revenue. The guidance is applicable to all contracts with customers regardless of industry-specific or transaction-specific fact patterns. Further
 the guidance requires improved disclosures as well as additional disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In 2015
 the FASB issued a deferral of the effective date of the standard to the first quarter of 2018
 with early adoption in fiscal 2017 permitted. In 2016
 FASB issued final amendments clarifying the implementation guidance for principal versus agent considerations
 identifying performance obligations and the accounting for intellectual property licenses. Upon becoming effective
 the Company will apply the amendments in the updated standard either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The Company established an implementation team
 completed an initial contract review
 and identified differences in its current accounting policies that would result from the implementation of the new revenue standard. Based on the work performed to date
 the Company expects to estimate and record certain variable payments
 resulting from trade promotions and customer incentives
 earlier than the historical accounting under Topic 605. The Company intends to adopt the above standards using the modified retrospective approach for the quarter ending March 31
 2018
 by recognizing the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard
 driven predominantly by the acceleration of trade promotions and customer incentives
 as a decrease to the opening balance of retained earnings
 with an immaterial impact to our net income on an ongoing annual basis. The Company does not anticipate a material impact to net revenue to its Consolidated Statement of Income. The Company has evaluated the disclosure requirements under these standards and is implementing controls to support these new disclosure requirements
 which will include additional disclosures of disaggregated net sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842) that replaces existing lease guidance. The new standard is intended to provide enhanced transparency and comparability of organizations by requiring lease assets and lease liabilities to be recognized on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about lease arrangements. The new guidance will continue to classify leases as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the statement of income. The standard is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2019
 with early application permitted. The new standard is required to be applied with a modified retrospective approach to each prior reporting period presented with various optional practical expedients. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
 Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory
 which requires entities to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of a fiscal year. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition method which is a cumulative-effective adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first effective reporting period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In November 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18
 &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2016-18&amp;#8221;)
 which provides guidance on the classification of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-18 is effective for our fiscal year beginning January1
 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-18 to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stockholders' Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation which, among other things, increased the number of authorized shares to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1,500,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; shares of common stock, par value &amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; per share, and authorized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;150,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; shares of blank check preferred stock, par value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; per share, which may be issued in one or more series of Preferred Stock with such powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions as the Board of Directors of the Company shall approve. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;, the total amount of the Company's authorized common and preferred stock consisted of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;1,500,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;150,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; shares, respectively. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;, shares of common stock that were issued and outstanding were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;197,615,064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;195,522,290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;, respectively. There were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Treasury Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;On July 31, 2017, the Board of Directors approved the terms of a share repurchase program, under which the Company was authorized to repurchase up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$50 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; of its common shares. This authority was primarily used to offset dilution caused by the issuance and exercise of stock options and other equity compensation programs. The Company repurchased shares through open market purchases in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans and under Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Purchases were made at times and prices considered appropriate by management. Repurchased common stock is available for use in connection with the Company's stock plans and for other corporate purposes. Based on the Company&amp;#8217;s strong cash flow and balance sheet, this program did not impact our ability to execute our business plans, allocate capital for our capital investment projects or pursue other strategic initiatives. The Company financed the share repurchase program through its operating cash flow and cash on hand. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;During August 2017, the Company repurchased approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;2.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt; shares of its common stock through open market purchases at an average price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$23.89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;, and a total cost of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;$50.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;, including broker's commissions. As of December 31, 2017, the share repurchase program was fully executed. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;The repurchase of these shares by the Company was accounted for under the cost method. The share repurchases were recorded as Treasury stock

begin 644 buffgraph2017.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  (! 0(! 0( @( @( P4# P
#
M P8$! 

# P8# P8


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#]$/\ @FE_

M +)5X7_]-%K7T!0!\_\ _#IW]EG_ *-I^ '_ (;S2/\ Y'H_X=._LL_]&T_
M#_PWFD?_ /7T!10!\__ /#IW]EG_HVGX ?^&\TC_P1Z/\ AT[^RS_T;3\

MPWFD?_(]?0%% 'S_ /\ #IW]EG_HVGX ?^&\TC_Y'H_X=._LL_\ 1M/P _\








MO+YK=-&ZI2=3V2WNH_?-T_N4TT_OV:9]H?\ #IW]EG_HVGX ?^&\TC_Y'H_X





ZW
M#J\&AQR+:S-IE]=VKR0)
[

MKK0-

RDO5_GQA^(/[(/_

]MK:.X0C[2=*$'?VC:3Z62@[_/


M)?/;7


MK=]+:72

M/^'3O[+/_1M/P _\-YI'_P CU\IWG_!3_P#:!^&7Q/\ %UAXI_X4YK6A_#7X

MKXHZ[X(T6\TKP=90^
_B9\0_ EW/96MU'/;66A65Y-9S0L;@A;AF@3S&(93D












M+6'PUL]6'[2\'P3T^[U72[VZMK?2Y=



M%+*4WR?I/1'WJ:JQV;M_Y+&?_I


M_1M/P _\-YI'_P CT?\ #IW]EG_HVGX ?^&\TC_Y'KZ HH ^?_\ AT[^RS_T



M #_PWFD?_(]'_#IW]EG_ *-I^ '_ (;S2/\ Y'KZ HH ^?\ _AT[^RS_ -&T
M_ #_ 

M\-YI'_R/7F?Q9_8J^#?[





M-73XCPZ--9G5M3/AK^Q7\(HTKP#_8C -4+,+GRMZS#8) /DK/\ ^7/B[Q-

*(Q2W1C^RK&-60H]
MHTBNLV7:,<,53J.474=^9<K7=MM7MW:Y8RT;^][QT=2DE-PTM:6_114DD_5








O[.TMC]M\.?#;X::1=7-U/<:[K7DV%K+?7;S2
MF2YO)3CS;BX? 9\9DJ 
+7YW^#=#^-U]\*_ -]K]A\;+I?#_P#PD^BZ]J]G
MH^O67B.7PXWC/2'_ ''GS7&J++)I



M1IIQ?165JEI&%M+D2L['-L\1(F)+)(I.0V3^?7[:O[-WQO\ A!J]M/!\0?%L




:DKT*DELH7MW:=N7SLY3?3W9*25INS5_;13WYM

_[&WQB?Q+9?#+7?!OQ9\GPX_A/4+:/XD77C0:

9_9:



]9\3:SX6U2^UO^R)M5V^)]5M[.^DTB273[B:V2Y6!YH#;
M1 3
AD**R

Q@!PP

M^K1:)::'_P (1!YBRZ8SU6--4SFX:+S$G4IY@P8Z]7_ .?/B2?PE
M_P!IV?QM-HME:^/U\56.L7GAZ+7Y;J.)FL$N4:
#SI)SOT8?V;';IOF**L#5

#YNY 6QD
MCA=9_8=^!7QD_:U'X@RZ#I^K^


C/_;RAM?VGO\ @G7\:M
\
P^(M9FET/6])CM=+BOK
M34+B]LVFAD@A6



6GC22\U;0K;4YH;N_#6#W3


MU6\^'FO:5=Z+K+175ROA:SMI\K/9Q7=SJ=PEXDLR2?:8K83
P@+?HO\ LR_L


7NY
M]TAGVE1&%C7:2SA#E2?DFK=[RO:W^*;71J3E&4HRO)3GS/375KY6AO?M:*[^
MXDXQ:M'S;XL?LV_LE?$K]I7Q9X
\2ZMX27XH_%'3K&#6?,/C^YT[4-7BL5C
MGLKE-+AO(]MQ!':HT5U%LT:1MMD[LU_AE^S9^R#X=\:_J?AW5_!M[H?PS

MO[;7BZ'P)K/QMAUCQMKT-WKNC:SX5A;P7-9_V9!;'4+;6%L&V/$D402V_M!'
M




*\XM@KR)X;XP5BF:T%XP8!K8&2II

JZJPZ$ \
M5L4VFG9CBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** OG_

@LF


M_P .:AY_B+2GOX8IQJNE3I?2V


OE.=F6C



L





















/\ 2C
)1


M'QZ\8^%M
^'.H:MI7AA?!C6U^BVTQU5]9UF2QG@B3[8D@E



?5_#NH6<5Y<VVKW0N[VQ/G6LJ+$9EC:.2-%

D\=[







MWDZDEBJ7+3AXI



MI-Y/J@TKB^AALHKUKZ&1&#A?MEM;)+Y9
;NI5F]8^-O[0WCC0OV2;OQOX:^'


M /!-;P])H_C30C\0/BG_ 
(3XQL=6LX_@U6V72=#;5)/-O)[8V\Z21I&D=


FAPQ:1-?-#J

MX$U/1]*N=#MY='N]3NIM5OWL+1?*@OY/LLGGQD2V]\;:X@!!EA3.*[6T_P

R8M

M



]PHHHH*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ KY_\ VR/^3BOV3O\ LJM]_PH1XKKZ KY_P#VR/\ DXK]

M9*O_P#Z:+6OH@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *^?_P!LC_DXK]D[_LJM]_ZA'BNO
MHOG_P#;(_Y.*_9._PRJWW_ *A'BN@ _P3O\ RBR_9I_[)5X7_P#31:U]
M 5\__P#!)W_E%E^S3_V2KPO_ .FBUKZ H **** BBODWQ-_P5M\,:;_ ,%


T2;6==N;*)'TK2VAG@@DLGGW@M=*UPFY$1E3#J[K(I0

 E_?
\\

M&G9^3MS:]M-?+J?

M[J\
T
J/%
ZLDJ\YR!ZA3:M9]TFO1JZ?HUJB;[KLVOFG9KY
****0PHHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** OG_ /;(_P3BOV3

M_@LKX!^('PB^&WB3X9:Z/+;6_B=X=\2Q#1?%FE6]YI#26VM6S;&5U@%]$MN(

MS/-)&9Y/.&%$C[BY?@_.]G_P1_\ C[X
^'7Q^\/VL'@34=+C\3^!_$/@O3]'
MTTZ''XI70(].)BA:74[K[(#%:26X2[SOGVRF5(SQ^O5%*C^ZMR=/_ECJI]M)
M-VZ6WN]1U7[1OGZ__(*#7?6
5?7?:Q\Q_P#!.[X&^+/!/CCX[?$;QCX;O_!5
M_P#&7QNNNV7AW4+RSN[[2[.WTZTL(OM#VDLUOYLAMGEVQS2!5= 6W;@.O_X*

ML]W-M
D3J&()4XQ7MM?/_P#P4L_Y-U\.?]E5^''_ *F^A55_=C%;148KTBE%
M?@B;:REW;?SDVW^+#_AC;XB_]'8_'_\ \%'@C_YGJ/\ AC;XB_\ 1V/Q_P#_


M_'__ 



M -'8_'__ 



MOB+_ -'8_'__ 



M/^&-OB+_ -'8_'__ 










M_9WBG_H
:!_X)IO_ )*H_L[Q3_T&- _\$TW_ 

MFF_^2J/[.\4_]!C0/_!--_\ )5 '045S_P#9WBG_ *#&@?\ @FF_^2J/[.\4
M_P#08T#_ 


:!_X)IO_ )*H_L[Q3_T&- _\$TW_
M 

MWBG_ *#&@?\ @FF_^2J/[.\4_P#08T#_ 


:!_X
M)IO_ )*H_L[Q3_T&- _\$TW_ 

M]!C0/_!--_\ )5 '045S_P#9WBG_ *#&@?\ @FF_^2J/[.\4_P#08T#_ 
$T



M3/!^@M=6^G2CJEYJ$E['8VC#()CFG64CE(W/% 'T=7F_QL_:U\ _ #4[72_$

8(_XDMF65U9?M)&2/9&_
MX);Z;;:K+!I7BV]\




*Z


\A7(4R;=@


FWO]NPW2@R&4V<\I,T3Q[2\NW,;PHN1$< 'I/A+]F;XE?MR?+



M(IDM$L;M!/:HK3!9)L,D8,C)$7.6\J+.Q0#T*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K



Z/--+%


M:?;WEQ;2)\DL9NHI5


?_
*?^@-H'_@YF_^1:ZB@#G_PTO%/_ $!M
M _\ !S-_\BT?VEXI_P@-H'_ (.9O_D6N@HH Y_^TO%/_0&T#_P<S?\ R+1_
M:7BG_H#:!_X.9O\ Y%KH** .?_M+Q3_T!M _\'
W_P BT?VEXI_Z V@?^#F;
M_P1:ZB@#G_ .TO%/\ T!M _P#!S-_\BT?VEXI_Z V@?^#F;_Y%KH** .?_
M +2\4_\ 0&T#_P '

MG_H#:!_X.9O_ )%KH** .?\ [2\4_P#0&T#_ 
'
W_R+1_:7BG_H#:!_X.9O







M.W66-BKK]KBTHVO!!&3


M6DTZ_)9H[&\M8E=_+E\F2.1%



M;0^?(Q4# D26

X'T#^SU^QAX
_92@A'P^^$OPZ\-W4-LEG_ &A#?2RZ

M=QRM;7YSX4DK(


[8B-U(KW#&7
M;+$Q41P!J_VEXI_P@-H'_ (.9O_D6C^TO%/\ T!M _P#!S-_\BUQNB?M

TS7

_9E^$181^'_  /X

MUX)&@(O( 51R2 !DXKS+2O .L_M@ZI;:YX[TV[T/X;
M6TJW.B^#+R



5;QK660MY\J22.<RL!\W
M^$?!=_\  ;_@FS^UKX,3Q5XL\2:3%^U'9^&O$FN:_J9FU/5M)GO=M[TWURJ






M HJ7X7

G']#Z$HKG_^$QU'_H5-?_[_ %C_ /)%'_8ZC_T
M*FO_ /?ZQ_\ DBD,ZBN?_X3'4?^A4U__O\ 6/\ \D4?\)CJ/_0J:_\ ]_K'
M_P2* .@HKG_ /A,=1_Z%37_ /O]8_\ R11_PF.H_P#0J:__ -_K'_Y(H Z
MBN?_ .$QU'_H5-?_ ._UC_\ )%'_  F.H_\ 0J:__P!_K'_Y(H ZBN?_P$
MQU'_ *%37_\ O]8__)%'_8ZC_T*FO\ _?ZQ_P#DB@#H**Y__A,=1_Z%37_^
M_P!8_P#R11_PF.H_]IK_P#W^L?_ )(H ZBN?\ ^$QU'_H5-?\ ^_UC_P#)
M%'_8ZC_ -IK_\ W^L?_DB@#H**Y_\ X3'4?^A4U_\ [_6/_P D4?\ 8ZC

D$5

_
YN(@ =ZYTM&^
47B+5]5T^PT;4;V^T*=+;4H(+S3Y)+


MUC]G'1KF;5I])T/XI^%;S7-8CUV^N-$\6?9?/ND\P_ZO[:8A&WFL7B!)%W
M*=BXEU+PG\4M/DOI=#\7^


MDFE79RSY(H ]NHKP^X^(_P =_#[W&/AQX6\51RZ^(X/+UP:(]KH[;OWK*QNQ


6EM92KI.IZ9X



L]-1L7?V:_ \






M[6U6T71G\1ZC#H<JA
MF;?-IT4ZVL\AWX+S1N=H ! K\^_^
W_  5$^'W[2_[/^H7/[./[).A^&/B/






MP12VD!D6T!D6WGD:2V_:/_A
=1_Z%37_ /O]8_\ R11_PF.H_P#0J:__ -_K

/ FM-XFU.'6M5&IZ);WJWU]#O
-RZR
MHP


J8D0.3&R.%=?)




M0J:__P!_K'_Y(H_X3'4?^A4U_P#[_6/_ 





$4GFK29)
M@CB[]^_8:_9N\



OC'3O'?Q2M$M'TN87?A
MGP:)EGM?#C#[EU=
I*7.I8/WP3%;YVP[COGE]IKG_P#A
=1_Z%37_P#O]8__
M 11_P )CJ/_ $*FO_\ ?ZQ_^2* /'_VR/\ DXK]D[_LJM]_ZA'BNOHOFS]



MD)X*\))I/CJXGN_$EDNCVXM_$



0 !DD] *\T;]K

&0QC[3-$#*53.














Z3\OA3K/Q6NO&WPT_8E\07
MWBF^UA-?'B;6].LO$$%\H095O)UOX_EH7$-EARI
@+'YNJL?V
_CIXKEM

M489R#7
W/[?W@'XAZ':1_![Q%X4^-/B7699;;2[#POK]O?6BO&$
LUY=P&5+



MX(_ %_ .LWOBOQ1J:^*_B-KD(@U'6V@\F*V@W;A8V

M9
O7I-%% !1110!\_P#[9'_)Q7[)W_95;[_U/%=?0%?/_[9'_)Q7[)W_95;
M[_U/%=?0% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5\__MD?\G%?LG?]E5OO_4(\5U]
=)-*G#RR1H#$%4Y'QS^/GQ&_98TOQ_P#_P +
M?$#XFW6C^(_#WPONVUS6/%%[J^LZ-/KNKOINJ/:WUU(\UN9X(@5$;8AD9GA6
M/.5_4KQM^R%\-_B3\8KGQ[K_ (6L]8\3WOA2Y\#W
]W-++;W6BW$HFGLY+8O


ZUC4(K2YTJQOFMGO+IY)YQ'-<2[#+([JCJN[K7X
MG_\ !Q7_ 




$$?A=\(/ GQ1^&

2QPW%K($1M[)]HAN(+J**Z
'/#<<3!/
U#0))H
MM:@#PQYFEBU&\B!8N3&=Q
E'W/\ \+*T[_GWU_\ \$5]_P#&J/\ A96G?\^^


M6L^ABYO7$C1Q6S7B1+=18I&1X#(DBH65F'- '3_ /RM._Y]]?_ /!%??\


M=S9/[N%S:7061L*?L\N#\AP +_PLK3O^??7_ /P17W_QJC_A96G?\^^O_P#@

BFN56;4V5/


:KSSQS^W#X0\-7?B+2M#T_Q=X]

M3/$]WXT^WZ=$U;0[:W_ +.\,7A=]\LZV.^63
M*=

V


9CTOFHBJI!B:1@1$& /Z%?\ A96G?\^^O_\ @BOO_C5'_RM._Y]]?\
M_!%??_&J\?\ LO[4^J_\OWP T'/SX^PZOJVW_IGGS;7./[^!G'W!G@_X59^T

M !JC_A96G?\ /OK_ /X(K[_XU7SW\2_!'CCX3Z)_:/C[]L!O!.F\@7;^'_#N







MP3=^&/Q[^!'A;3?B]XF_:4^


MW_QJN@HH Y__ (65IW_/OK__ ((K[_XU1_PLK3O^??7_ /P17W_QJN@HH Y_
M_A96G?\ /OK_ /X(K[_XU1_PLK3O^??7_P#P17W_ 
:KH** .?\ ^%E:=_S[
MZ_\ ^*^_P#C5'_RM._Y]]?_P#!%??_ !JN@HH Y_\ X65IW_/OK_\ X(K[

M08M)NX9];OK,(E9HL(BJK222$$1Q([D';@]?\8/BYHOP.\ 7OB/799EL[4I
M%'!;Q&:ZO[B1Q'#;6\2_-+/+(R1QQKRSNH'6N-^ GPCUJ;Q3=_$GX@10_P#

MM._Y]]?_ /!%??\ QJN@HH Y_P#X65IW_/OK_P#X(K[_ .-4?\+*T[_GWU__
M 
$5]_\ &JZB@#G_P#A96G?\^^O_P#@BOO_ (U1_P +*T[_ )]]?_\ !%??
M_&JZB@#YL_:N\76NO\ [2G[*$

M/7T-?2=?/_[9'_)Q7[)W_95;[_U/%=?0% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5\_
M_MD?\G%?LG?]E5OO_4(\5U] 5\__ +9'_)Q7[)W_ &56^_\ 4(\5T '_  2=
M_P467[-/_9*O__ *:+6OHOG__ ()._P#*++]FG_LE7A?_ --%K7T!0 44
M44 %%%% !17YH_LA?\%9OBA^T!_P50^
?PYUJ[^''AKPQ\.S-IZ_#_5TGT_Q
M9*MN=29;^QD;/V]IHH+2:1!&L4=O=P%7#1N;GS^]_P#@+XC^/A7\.]9UG3
M?A;JVL_M$^&X=8^'NGZ?;7=LOA2ZEUNVTP6NK






M96I7N&#;;Z
 V]_&2JAENHI





W&TSD7MV\LX5]B94/M



=@Q[?\-?AC\$?@_X U'P


%5_AQ^PM\*_&NL:IX9^)5U

D:M%
Z@L!U*J?@7_@WX_PZ'QE

4]T='+(P
KRWB[+AU8HRY@1?D.Y6!P

3Z3_PMCPM_T



MS!_8/BO]GC][\

MDXH ]]HKG_\ A;'A;_H9= _\&$/_ 
51_P +8\+?]#+H'_@PA_\ BJ .@HKG
M_P#A;'A;_H9= _\ !A#_ /%4?\+8\+?]#+H'_@PA_P#BJ .@HKG_ /A;'A;_
M *&70/\ P80__%4?\+8\+?\ 0RZ!_P#'_XJ@#H**Y__A;'A;_H9= _\&$/
M_P 51_PMCPM_T
N@?^#'_XJ@#H**Y__ (6QX6_Z&70/_!A#_P#%4?\ V/
MW_0RZ!_X,(?_ (J@#H**Y_\ X6QX6_Z&70/_  80_P#Q5'_V/W_0RZ!_X,
M(?\ XJ@#H**Y_P#X6QX6_PAET#_ 

MX/U&Z@%U#::WXOT_3YYHBS*)%2656*;E8;@
94CM0!ZU17GOPQ_:W^%/QL\/
M/J_@SXF_#WQ;I44[6KWNB^(K._MTE4*S1F2*1E#@
I*YR P]:Z+_ (6QX6_Z
M&70/_!A#_P#%4 =!17/_ /V/W_ $
N@?\ @PA_^*H_X6QX6_Z&70/_  80
M_P#Q5 '045S_ /PMCPM_T





(?
M_BJ .@HKG_\ A;'A;_H9= _\&$/_ 
51_P +8\+?]#+H'_@PA_\ BJ .@HKG
M_P#A;'A;_H9= _\ !A#_ /%4?\+8\+?]#+H'_@PA_P#BJ .@HKG_ /A;'A;_

MOG_]LC_DXK]D[_LJM]_ZA'BN@ _X)._\HLOV:?\ LE7A?_TT6M?0%?/_ /P2
M=_Y19?LT_P#9*O__IHM:^@* BBB@ HHHH ^%KG_@DCXK^(?_!432_CQ\0?





M



M#_@O4+G3/$GBBU-[KVLVCXF\)Z'N





\;^'KS2-:TZPU?2M0B
-U97MNEQ;W
9ZH\;@JRGT((H ^$_^(H/]A;[
M9Y'_  O2/?O\O/\ PB&O;

2^.VQ@

M_P#D)VGC_P 1_P#8P?$CQ)K7T_X^[^7IV]
G&
FK.E?\$NOV;M(ODNU^ WPB



\$_#9D/AWP=X




M=Q7/W'C..:_I=HH _&'_ (-@/!7[1?[$G[ GBW1=?_9R\4O9WWC^]U+['J6H

O$
M6JQ'=#J=YH\#:A;-TW17.T31-C(W(X.1GFN,_X8$B\'_-\/OBW\:OA\5Y2




4 ?0%%? 7_!4'_@NQ\./V6/

OB1H@L1HFA:AJ/G)J337]M!
!!'+%+
8X)9I=L;@@1%C

V2TLK.V39%;Q(,*JCV _'O6K0
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?/_PV1_R<5^R=_P!E5OO_ %/%=?0%?/_ .V1
M_P G%?LG?]E5OO\ U/%=?0% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5\_\ [9'_ <5
M^R=_V56^_P#4(\5U] 5\_P#[9'_)Q7[)W_95;[_U/%= !_P2=_Y19?LT_\
M9*O_P#Z:+6OHOG_P#X)._\HLOV:?\ LE7A?_TT6M?0% !1110 4444 ?#'


C!EG86WGVF?\ !PY'#X'TW7-7^$;6Z?$#P_\ \)!\.K73


%X]6MQ:W=@P96N1'<6'G7$TLB%; 1#
M$TD5MY])_P $$_B]K_ABU@F\0?#/P[KOA6R@NY-:T_4+V[F^

M^)%:TB:&8+!+&762]E0ZA.5D*C9(8?7V/MM%:/-]TN:7D[VM&U[Z*
D^95B=


M1:7I^L-J]BDIMX;J:WNF@MWEBEM[B)OG@C96WJ5^7)R/^EG_)NOAS_ +*K
M\./_ %-]IO[?[

M65M;QW
T%O).WE6P=W

M&613XWT
$$'@@CM5/X87WY8W_P 7*N;_ 
FOY=M#-?%+MS2M_AYGR_A;]3Z$
MHKG_ /A5'A;_ *%K0/\ P70__$T?\*H\+?\ 0M:!_PZ'_XFI*/+/VU_#M_


V?9O#GB*P\7^'K'5M*O+;4=

M\*H\+?\ 0M:!_PZ'_XFO!/V6/AGX;^!?Q7\4_!/4/#^B-9:8K^*/!$LEC$

M/W_ $+6@?\ @NA_^)H_X51X6_Z%K0/_  70_P#Q- '045S_ /PJCPM_T+6@
M?^Z'_XFC_A5'A;_ *%K0/\ P70__$T =!17/_\ J/W_0M:!_X+H?_ (FC

%O^A:T#_P70__ !- '045S_\ PJCPM_T+




%T

MRQ2H
R6Z [D;*E@

MQ6VN:KITUC)]ILY[23S$AL8G.([AR
./FDY (/W]_PJCPM_T+6@?^Z'_XF
MC_A5'A;_ *%K0/\ P70__$T =!17/_\ J/W_0M:!_X+H?_ (FC_A5'A;_H




SZU9$!=1TM1_$;FU#K&#\HN([
M5S_JQ7M-% &1X!\=Z1\4/ ^C^)- OX-4T/7[*'4=/O(#F.ZMY4#QR*?1E8'\
M:UZ^?_V=O^

  #@

S;[B[E X!=ONH/EC1
M8XTPD:@=Q0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10!\_P#[9'_)Q7[)W_95;[_U/%=?0%?/_[9'_)Q7[)W_95;[_U/%=?0% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5\__MD?\G%?LG?]E5OO_4(\5U] 5\__ +9'_)Q7
M[)W_ &56^_\ 4(\5T '_  2=_P467[-/_9*O__ *:+6OHOG__ ()._P#*
M++]FG_LE7A?_ --%K7T!0 4444 %%%% 'Y4_C]A_P+/A7_ (+NZI\0O OP
MV\2? WP7=R1:CX]N--\2Q7G@[XC0M_;$8N?(^5VOYU@_E/[
PNW=B9H9K

?49BO(+W4B-,Y!).6<G)/K7L((TJ  !@ #@@#\(?^#LSX




=H_P%:Z=_S\:__P#V^_^.UT%% '/
WW_QVC_A6NG?\_&O_ /@]OO\
MX[7044 <_P#\*UT[_GXU_P#\'M]_\=H_X5KIW_/QK_\ X/;[_P.UT%% 'S9


M* /G?P#_ 
%3O@M\3?VQM6^!NC^);FY\;:4FP2G3IUTJ_NE^T^?8V]X5\F6Y

M!7CZ
W?Q













C_ (5S^U-_T63X ?\ AF]7_P#FGH ^@**^?_\ A7/[4W_19/@!_P&


M/[4W_19/@!_X9O5__FGH ^@**^?_ /A7/[4W_19/@!_X9O5__FGKD?C_ !_M










M++]FG_LE7A?_ --%K7T!7S__ 
$G?^467[-/_9*O_\ Z:+6OH@ HHHH **


\3@$C#-\V_MQ_MG_%[
MQ/'\./$'[
OA2U^+W@^TO_$D7Q$\/W.GF%M3M]
:.TN-
#S)NM[XR/.8HG4&


DQRIG:R'E6!!Z5^6?_!0[XN^

M

;L



JRL.
M"".N:_+*^\!^$/^LWC+[9\2?AI%H?[6OP'TN33_%_PGU+61I^B^/;8D2V

$P:?IUY/<Z?+-(H:UEF
MD2V6;&QWGMVWF*3Y@#WO]GK]LCX?_M4^(/%EAX#U6_UU?!=[_9^H7XTB\@T




16TD*&9C*'8







&W-YJMDT$<KP7BSV\<DT#!6W9V


M2^+_ 

&F?:Y](O
MI[B_FCU^T !^VVUM'%;&XBY

M[.WQE:+XC^&]7M-062;3M8O B7]M&BY$EK/Y:W:R KLDEE4ABQ8 'U/1110



M OZAT %%%% !6-\0OB%H?PF\#:MXF\3:M8:%X?T*UDOM1U&^F6&WLX(U+/([


:29(Q]BB8.0VVOI*@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M^?\ ]LC_ ).*_9._[*K??^H1XKKZ KY__;(_Y.*_9._[*K??^H1XKH /^3O

;Q/%J7@*QM

^);8O
M;66I/(
1?;-0M;=4N;:/]YNBMIMH4S




-T+ZXLIBX\LR-9OG]U+MV_P#@GI_P



_84FLM
U?P_\1/&&MZAH]]XAN+#P5I$6IWNB

M\

M\DNSEU9^F^'_ 

7F@?:DCDN[&.Z3B2-95*AE.-Q7
&?%6B6^K:OI-U%-_P ([:#48S<W+)( MW;^7#,I6)BLNUTW'YE/ _L4
M?%_XB^+?V\;RYU;P/_PB?Q0CM+?PW\<_\$NS3+U(X9VT7QAI4TA5;BWD\F6



MMFBB@ KC_CO\??!O[,7PNU+QIX_\1:;X5\+Z0$^U:A?2;8T9V(B@ L[N[*
MJHH+
S  $G%.^/7QR\
_LS_!CQ/\0/&6HC2?WA#3IM4U.[,;2&&&-2S;44%
MF8] H!+$@#DU\._M5_'#PU\9_%WPB^,7B*+Q5IWP^^'_ (@L[GQOX\170T[

I6$9 /(OVW_ -K_ 
6?%']J32-7




M^(='\3^%A%%&UQIA:6%9;2
2++:SWDCS!
M(/V_^'GA^3XT_#/X?^(?B7XT?2O'&E0P:P^FW:V^HGPUJI@


MX'TF:Y=[/3?[8D5I)988F :1'QEBJDJH-?7M !1110 5\.?MG?M_3_M%Z%XK



M2@DF-[J#):=&;[C^'OP)\&_;Q3XLUOPSX9T70M6\=:@NJ^(+NRM5AEU>Z6-
M8A-,0/F;:HY[DLQ^9F)U_#WAF/2_*O+I;2ZUZ2R@L[[4TM4BFO1%N(W$
?&FNZ;X9\+Z!;FZU#4[^8

^)5]

M9J-W)J?A*VU:%;:_\'W

DX
M QR3DG\Z=0 445Y%^UM^VAX6_8ZTCPX^N:;XI\1ZSXPU%]
T+0/#6FG4=5U6

M7!MM)AU*XV-=L&16; !V1JTD:M(^U%

MM/%?:KX.%S'
+:
M&1;FVBN(9&.Y87NH]^V!L^O?\$U?V#]7T#X:7^H?';P?::MJEGXTO/$'P\TK
MQIJ
/C77?AUILB0B*T&K2^:QE65)I 8Y7V11YKD$T ?0/P:\,:S\:O@#X*D
M^-G@GPZGCK1IH;V_LI(X-0M+75;21D34+1OF!ROGPMQ)&DRJVU@P'J=%% !



M!_\ PLG6-

X#DXW4 =A:_#K0+'Q[


MAK1;O4=0N8+*PT^![FYN)G1P1(I9W9CP%@DD] *_
'X^_\%0_ G[:\:VEY

F-A;74TG

MT^V6XB2YAU&.WFFN80RK'*HP/
+A3Z/_ 


MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** OG_]LC_DXK]D[_LJM]_ZA'BNOHOG_\ ;(_Y
M.*_9._[*K??^H1XKH /^3O_ BR_9I_[)5X7_\ 31:U] 5\_P#_  2=_P4

M@59'4Y#*02
$&K%% 'SA\7OV*+_3?VB?@E\1?A)+X=\(7'PUAE\):OHSVY

M^

ML^_\$9KOP3^W'XQ\9^
9-'\4^!==\+7_ (8U:ZUK5)-:\1?%!;PV1$NN*;6W

-OS?H.B- J@  8  X I:* BBB@#G?B[J6L:-\*/$]

ABC61YKI87

MVH_7AOPC^UIK_PTU'1O'C)[1(K/QSIEY:J\Z6\P1?*NH95C^U6:@8:(R1K



M';Q!F[[!76T44 %%%% ')?'CX(^&_P!I3X



O


$HO^%@_P#!2+P=\3]$

/BII'P6


X AOYX[HK)Y**JB



?LS^/?#?@W]FGQ'\*KCP#K

6\TPC-NY=


$G?^46
M7[-/_9*O_\ Z:+6OH@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *^?_VR/^3BOV3O^RJWW_J$

M!7S_ /\ !)W_ )19?LT_]DJ\+_\ IHM:^@* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK




'M0\2:2FMZW;^#O .K:AJ+7L=F-3NO$5V;%SY:0[(S'(AD 7AR^P/&:V_V

M.1)9$F\DVVH73


MCT\ML\H%Q
9 YY'E\+\^=U90]ZG&JOM:VZVY5/;T?X


+55NS9:W;Z+:Z:B_\

-UXKM-=\//X








M).K_  1\6:?X'^'6F6WQ0\-Z!XGO-?23Q.ALO#CZ5(UJ)K*:2S(U!Y)F62&.

M:7=II7:L?;M%?



E5]CUYHQOTO.W+]Z=
M^^^ETT8QJ)TU5Z./-YVNUMY--.VV^S3/MNBOEO\ 9H_X*.W7QQ_;\5_37?

M%?T3Q]\6M;\



[
M*BBBH&%%%% !117F?QM_:R\+?L_Z_::;KNE?$N_N+VW^TQOX;^'/B'Q-;JFX
MKAYM-LKB*-\J?D=@^



M%;X9?M37NJ^)O&'C_P !_#2#6M-MM!O-.\*Z3KW@O4+21;=9H-5\M7UJTNGE





M\)^'K;3OA99?$.#PQK?B%]3BDU#5

M7T%N%G^S6TMQ!(I8)=G[_IC]DWX_2?M2? K1OB#'H\6C:+XK5M0T%!J7DM


M^FBUKZ H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\6\$?\$_/A=\/?B._B

'/V[_ (7^*_C+'X$LM<U-M:N+^YTFTNI?#VI0:+J5];AS<6=KJKVZ




^?4X[C2+VR5



M;RS/C+61H=Y?VR0I;W





FHWTJNR01JH)+;8W8GHJHQ) !-.7O^

MWD45S$3%+%(N^


ZM_96E0W]L)+3Q
M1JUE?ZA#?L'OXKV\AN4N;Y+IPKSK=22K.ZAY [ &O8?AW\0-(^*_@#1/%&@7


M+M9_XD$=O=QWL
.E'[5G2H%N(8'\FP\B



M/@#QG\?]5^&&GZS=2^
]'AEFGMI-)O(;680BW
ZP7CQ+:W
D/VNW\V.&5WB

M_9?8-/DOKO4FB\Z27-Q=W




G2_

M/SW4/+O89K?^!?[


C7='*CKE64DBKT[1^'E
M^7)?_P!)YK^5_



[L%W.Q/2T4EIM_6W^2^Y=@:3=W_ %O_ )O[WWBBB@ HKF?B[\7_#WP
&KRUU;0[_2=3T_4;J6*WMKBQNH(KJ!I
M&N8OF1*DJR9\L[J(^\^6.K_P VDOQ:7JUW!Z*[/5***PO%7Q*T7P3XC\-Z
M3J=[]FU#Q=?2:=I,7DR/]KN$MIKITRJD)B&WE;+D#Y,9R0 ;M%%87Q!^)6B
M_O1[6_UZ]^P6E[J5GI,$GDR2[[J[N([:WCPBL1OFE1=Q&T;LL0 2#=I=]/F
M]$OFP\S=HHKG?OQ7T#QMXU\3^'M
O\ [3K'@RX@M=8M_(D3[')/ EQ$NYE
MONBD1LH6 S@X((H\@.BHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KY_\ VR/^
M3BOV3O\ LJM]_PH1XKKZ KY_P#VR/\ DXK]D[_LJM]_ZA'BN@ _X)._\HLO








M.X1YOV7141]VGDMH\MO^W;6OWO97OHUI:VAI.3G+FEO[W_ )
T_P +:/==
M[VM^?7[+OP!^(W[(^K:1X\T?X^(/[+;4O%VGCP!I6NZ)_:WA_3]3U&UOK*X
MC,U]'8; +/RI(([O]UYL8C$B1G&/_P %9/V3?B]^V=\%/!UE:?))-87PAK4


Z



M)%M' UL=QN _G
RU^AU%:U7[2?/+NW\W4=1^FNEUKRI*^]Y6D%#R:^3BH_.R







M#(LD8=506SP(1&F]')8MZ)10!\;_ !I^&?Q
TW]J+6-4^&OP]^(GA7Q!K6M:
M=





MHV_V+0KR_L[N^L((-+MK

M^$X? 'A=O#\WC6Z\0:=-97T]M#':VT^EP6[S7+QSA#*_VM+-HAM&V5B0OSY\

MUO*SB[?^2K5W=KJ]I._YL?M4_P#!

M=AX7NM/20^'H+.2X?1-7V:==0?;!(98FGLY]V9H9-YW
G[./[
?Q]\+77@OP
MYXE^%




M_X7CT?Q';7=T)-.MD



UQ;RZ3)!-

OV _BAXT\#ZY'\+/ATWP)L-3UN\NM





MPAT


]110 ?\
;?$7_H['X__ /@H\$?_ #/4?\
;?$7_ *.Q^/\ _P
MCP1_\SU%% !_PQM\1?\ H['X_P#_ (*/!'_S/4?\
;?$7_H['X__ /@H\$?_
M #/444 '_#&WQ%_Z.Q^/_P#X*/!'_P SU'_#&WQ%_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$?_,]
M110 ?\,;?$7_ *.Q^/\ _P"CP1_\SU'_#&WQ%_Z.Q^/_P#X*/!'_P SU%%
M!_PQM\1?^CL?C_\ ^CP1_\ 
]1_PQM\1?\ H['X_P#_ (*/!'_S/444 '_#
M&WQ%_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$?_,]1_PQM\1?^CL?C_\ ^CP1_\ 
]110 ?\
;?$
M7_H['X__ /@H\$?_ #/4?\
;?$7_ *.Q^/\ _PCP1_\SU%% !_PQM\1?\
MH['X_P#_ (*/!'_S/4?\
;?$7_H['X__ /@H\$?_ #/444 '_#&WQ%_Z.Q^/
M_P#X*/!'_P SU'_#&WQ%_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$?_,]110 ?\,;?$7_ *.Q^/\
M_P"CP1_\SU'_#&WQ%_Z.Q^/_P#X*/!'_P SU%% !_PQM\1?^CL?C_\ ^CP
M1_\ 
]1_PQM\1?\ H['X_P#_ (*/!'_S/444 '_#&WQ%_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$
M?_,]1_PQM\1?^CL?C_\ ^CP1_\ 
]110 ?\
;?$7_H['X__ /@H\$?_ #/4
M?\
;?$7_ *.Q^/\ _PCP1_\SU%% !_PQM\1?\ H['X_P#_ (*/!'_S/4?\
M
;?$7_H['X__ /@H\$?_ #/444 '_#&WQ%_Z.Q^/_P#X*/!'_P SU'_#&WQ%
M_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$?_,]110 ?\,;?$7_ *.Q^/\ _P"CP1_\SU'_#&WQ%_Z
M.Q^/_P#X*/!'_P SU%% !_PQM\1?^CL?C_\ ^CP1_\ 
]1_PQM\1?\ H['X
M_P#_ (*/!'_S/444 '_#&WQ%_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$?_,]1_PQM\1?^CL?C_\
M^CP1_\ 
]110 ?\
;?$7_H['X__ /@H\$?_ #/4?\
;?$7_ *.Q^/\ _P
MCP1_\SU%% !_PQM\1?\ H['X_P#_ (*/!'_S/4?\
;?$7_H['X__ /@H\$?_
M #/444 '_#&WQ%_Z.Q^/_P#X*/!'_P SU'_#&WQ%_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$?_,]
M110 ?\,;?$7_ *.Q^/\ _P"CP1_\SU'_#&WQ%_Z.Q^/_P#X*/!'_P SU%%
M!_PQM\1?^CL?C_\ ^CP1_\ 
]1_PQM\1?\ H['X_P#_ (*/!'_S/444 '_#
M&WQ%_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$?_,]1_PQM\1?^CL?C_\ ^CP1_\ 
]110 ?\
;?$
M7_H['X__ /@H\$?_ #/4?\
;?$7_ *.Q^/\ _PCP1_\SU%% !_PQM\1?\
MH['X_P#_ (*/!'_S/4?\
;?$7_H['X__ /@H\$?_ #/444 '_#&WQ%_Z.Q^/
M_P#X*/!'_P SU'_#&WQ%_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$?_,]110 ?\,;?$7_ *.Q^/\
M_P"CP1_\SU'_#&WQ%_Z.Q^/_P#X*/!'_P SU%% !_PQM\1?^CL?C_\ ^CP
M1_\ 
]1_PQM\1?\ H['X_P#_ (*/!'_S/444 '_#&WQ%_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$
M?_,]1_PQM\1?^CL?C_\ ^CP1_\ 
]110 ?\
;?$7_H['X__ /@H\$?_ #/4
M?\
;?$7_ *.Q^/\ _PCP1_\SU%% !_PQM\1?\ H['X_P#_ (*/!'_S/4?\
M
;?$7_H['X__ /@H\$?_ #/444 '_#&WQ%_Z.Q^/_P#X*/!'_P SU'_#&WQ%
M_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$?_,]110 ?\,;?$7_ *.Q^/\ _P"CP1_\SU'_#&WQ%_Z
M.Q^/_P#X*/!'_P SU%% !_PQM\1?^CL?C_\ ^CP1_\ 
]1_PQM\1?\ H['X
M_P#_ (*/!'_S/444 '_#&WQ%_PCL?C_ /\ @H\$?_,]1_PQM\1?^CL?C_\
M^CP1_\ 
]110 ?\
;?$7_H['X__ /@H\$?_ #/4?\
;?$7_ *.Q^/\ _P
MCP1_\SU%% !_PQM\1?\ H['X_P#_ (*/!'_S/4OA[]AC5A\7/ WBWQ;\=?B]

 'defref_dei_EntityInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyLossInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParent1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_buff_DepreciationDepletionandAmortizationExcludingAmortizationofFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxesAndTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_buff_Provisionforlegalsettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForLegalSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_buff_RepaymentsofDebtInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_buff_RepaymentsofDebtPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'

 to a change to the terms or conditions of a share-based award. ASU 2017-09 is effective after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted and the amendments to this ASU will be applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption date. The Company does not expect to early adopt ASU 2017-09 and it is not expected to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







76
67
2
2
1
1
79
70
December&#160;31
 and 2016
 our inventory reserves were primarily for excess finished goods and packaging which totaled 
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant
 and Equipment


Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 Plant
Property
 plant
59
59
52
49
17
14
4
4
1
1
1
1
219
53
358
186
(31
(23
326
162
232
 
years ended December 31

 
 and 
During 2013
 Heartland and Jasper County
 of industrial revenue bonds (Bonds) to be purchased by Heartland. As noted below
 Jasper issued the bonds and used the proceeds from the Bonds to purchase manufacturing equipment from Heartland
 which was then leased back to Heartland.  As Heartland will become the owner of the equipment at the end of the lease term
 the lease meets the requirements of a capital lease and the equipment is being recorded as property
 plant
December&#160;31
 Jasper had issued
 and Heartland had purchased
 
 of industrial revenue bonds and Jasper had purchased from
 and leased back to
In August 2016
 Heartland and the City of Joplin
 Missouri
 or Joplin
 of industrial revenue bonds to purchase from Heartland the land on which the current Joplin Dry Food Facility resides and the land on which the Jopin Treats Facility would come to reside
 and the associated buildings
 structures
 and fixtures
 including the additional manufacturing equipment included in the Joplin Treats Facility (collectively
 the &#8220;Property&#8221;)
 which will then be leased back to Heartland. As Heartland will become the owner of the Property at the end of the lease term
 the lease meets the requirements of a capital lease and the equipment and land are recorded as property
 plant and equipment our balance sheet. The Company has the right and intends to set-off any obligation to make payments under the lease agreement with the amounts due under the industrial revenue bonds. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 Joplin had issued and Heartland had purchased approximately 
 respectively
 of industrial revenue bonds and Joplin had purchased from
 and leased back to
 Heartland certain Property for a corresponding amount.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







393
383
(4
(3
389
379
On May 25
 2017
 the Company
 as borrower
 entered into a credit agreement (the &#8220;Credit Agreement&#8221;) with Citibank
 N.A.
 as administrative agent
 and a syndicate of financial institutions
 revolving facility (the &#8220;Revolving Facility&#8221;)
 is available for letters of credit
All obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by each of the material wholly-owned domestic restricted subsidiaries of the Company
 subject to certain exceptions. Substantially all of the assets of the Company and each guarantor
 subject to customary exceptions
 are pledged as collateral in support of all obligations under the Credit Agreement
Pursuant to the Credit Agreement
 of the Term Facility must be repaid each fiscal quarter commencing with the fiscal quarter of the Company ending September 30
May&#160;25
 2024
Interest under the Revolving Facility and the Term Facility is payable
 at the Company&#8217;s option
 and based on the highest of the prime rate
 the overnight federal funds rate plus 1/2 of 1.00% and the one-month LIBOR rate plus 
 in each case
The Company&#8217;s Term Facility and Revolving Facility contain financial covenants
 including a financial covenant to maintain
 commencing on December 31
 2017
 a Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (&#8220;leverage ratio&#8221;)
 defined as
 with certain adjustments
 the ratio of (i) the Company&#8217;s net debt that is secured by certain liens on the collateral to (ii) consolidated net income before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization for the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters for which financial statements have been delivered
. The Credit Agreement also sets forth mandatory and optional prepayment conditions
 including
 commencing with the fiscal year ending on December 31
 2018
 an annual excess cash flow requirement
 as defined
On May 25
 2017
 in connection with the closing of the Credit Agreement
 of borrowings under the Credit Agreement
 dated as of August 8
 2012
 by and among Blue Pet Products
 Inc.
 Blue Buffalo Company
 Ltd.
 the lenders from time to time party thereto and Citibank
 N.A as administrative agent (as amended from time to time
Based on management&#8217;s review of the Credit Agreement and the refinancing transaction
 the accounting for debt extinguishment applied. As such
 were treated as a direct deduction of the net carrying amount of the Term Facility. These costs will be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method through the Term Facility&#8217;s maturity date of May 25
 related to the Revolving Facility. As the borrowing capacity of the Revolving Facility is greater than the borrowing capacity that existed under the Old Credit Agreement
 these costs are deferred and will be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the Revolving Facility&#8217;s term
 maturing on May 25
December&#160;31
 2017
 outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facility. At December 31
 2016
During the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 the Company incurred total interest expense of 
December&#160;31
 of interest expense
 respectively
 interest expense was capitalized during the year ended December 31
The Credit Agreement contains other customary terms
 including (i) representations and warranties
 (ii) affirmative covenants
 (iii) negative covenants
 including limitations on indebtedness
 liens
 mergers
 acquisitions
 asset sales
 investments
 distributions
 prepayments of subordinated debt
 and transactions with affiliates
 in each case subject to baskets
 thresholds and other exceptions
 and a financial covenant to maintain a certain Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as set forth in the Credit Agreement
December&#160;31
 2017



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







25
18
11
12
5
2
5
1
10
25
12
70
59
629







The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
91
57
60
12
6
7
104
64
68
(6
9
(9
2
2
(2
(4
11
(12
99
76
55
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
298
211
147
(5
(4
(2
293
206
145
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
State income taxes
The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the United States and various state and local
In the normal course of business
 the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities and as of December 31
 2017

 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_buff_EmployeeBenefitPlanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_buff_StockholdersEquityDeficitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'

 to a change to the terms or conditions of a share-based award. ASU 2017-09 is effective after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted and the amendments to this ASU will be applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption date. The Company does not expect to early adopt ASU 2017-09 and it is not expected to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for its capital stock transactions
 including dividends and accumulated other comprehensive income.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Trade receivables
139
110
11
4
150
115
446



































Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







76
67
2
2
1
1
79
70
941



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 plant
59
59
52
49
17
14
4
4
1
1
1
1
219
53
358
186
(31
(23
326
162
232



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







393
383
(4
(3
389
379
177



































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







25
18
11
12
5
2
5
1
10
25
12
70
59
629













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
91
57
60
12
6
7
104
64
68
(6
9
(9
2
2
(2
(4
11
(12
99
76
55
930



Schedule of Income (Loss) before Income Tax
 Domestic and Foreign
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
298
211
147
(5
(4
(2
293
206
145
318




December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit




The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits (which excludes federal benefits of state taxes
 interest
Balance at December 31
7
1
Balance at December 31
9
1
(2
Balance at December 31
8
1
Balance at December 31
9
326




December&#160;31
December&#160;31
2
1
1
2
1
1
2
1
1
1
1
2
1
Deferred tax assets
11
14
(3
(1
Total deferred tax assets
8
12
Property
 plant
(14
(22
(1
(15
(23
(7
(11
349



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






















































































Tabular disclosure for tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities and other income tax contingencies. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest and penalties
 reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits
 unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate
 tax years that remain subject to examination by tax jurisdictions
 and information about positions for which it is reasonably possible that amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]




Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
December&#160;31
 (dollars in millions
Outstanding
 December 31
4
248
383
(1
055
(117
(42
Outstanding
 December 31
3
416
Exercisable
 December 31
2
727
179



Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units Activity
December&#160;31
Outstanding at December 31
61
35
106
(35
(1
(9
Outstanding at December 31
157
792



Schedule of Unrecognized Compensation Cost
 Nonvested Awards
2
1
5
250



































Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017






Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
Twelve months ended December 31
(dollars in thousands
193
130
89
196
256
196
363
195
933
2
662
2
985
2
113
198
918
199
348
198
047
512
275
49
795



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December&#160;31
6
6
6
5
11
35
857













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







December&#160;31
15
13
2
456
333
123
472
347
125
387



































Tabular disclosure of unconditional purchase obligations that are not recognized as a liability on the balance sheet
 including the nature and significant terms of an unconditional purchase obligation; the amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the obligation as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the aggregate and
 if determinable
 for each of the five succeeding fiscal years; the nature of any variable components of the obligation; the amount purchased under the obligation (for example
 the take-or-pay or throughput contract) for the reporting period; and may include the amount of imputed interest necessary to reduce the obligation to present value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







years ended December 31
301
294
340
336
138
137
160
151
Selling
 general
66
69
75
75
72
68
85
76
44
42
53
53
196
621
196
994
196
121
195
302
199
524
199
618
198
659
197
889
279
286
287
295
123
127
133
131
Selling
 general
59
65
65
71
63
61
35
60
37
36
21
34
196
217
196
270
196
445
196
516
198
160
198
441
199
452
199
446
875



































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions





























































Shares
 new issues (in shares)



300
000


250
000









682











Shares issued for services
 number of employees | employee

700





































Shares
 new issues (in shares)

906
286











Shares issued
 price per share (in dollars per share) | $ / shares






































Shares
 new issues (in shares)

074
732



















































































Stock Issued During Period
 Issued For Services
 Number Of Employees




























Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























































































































































963


845


831


951


096


996


850


836




274
589


149
778


027
447


















































300


200


600























300


800


500























300


000

























100


500


900





















400


500




500



Trade receivables
 net

165








873










165


873







095








573










095


573







260








446










260


446



























































Stock split
 conversion ratio


















































































100








800










100


800





























































000


















000







Geographic Distribution
 Domestic [Member]









































































229
000


109
300


500



Geographic Distribution
 Foreign [Member]









































































600


500


900

























































Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
















































































Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
















































































Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
















































































Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life


























Land
 Buildings and Improvements [Member] | Maximum [Member]





















































Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life


























Computer Software
 Intangible Asset [Member] | Maximum [Member]





















































Finite-lived intangible asset
 useful life
















































































Concentration risk
 percentage
















































































Concentration risk
 percentage






























Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Share-based Compensation
 Excess Tax Benefit
 Amount

























































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.

























































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.




























Amount of cash paid for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount due from parties in nontrade transactions
 classified as other.




























Amount
 after allowance
 of receivables classified as other
 due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























The total amount due to the entity within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























Ratio applied to the conversion of stock split
 for example but not limited to
 one share converted to two or two shares converted to one.






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











606


187












104


346





022


122





945


941





100


000



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.

























































Carrying amount
 net of reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed. This inventory is generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.




























Amount
 after of valuation reserves and allowances
 of inventory
 classified as other
 expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Details) - USD ($)




Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2013


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]












500


200


200





Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

388


064









984)


832)







Property
 plant
 and equipment
 Net

404


232











000


















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

314


314


















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

383


079


















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

635


849


















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

855


599


















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

876


772


















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

590


477


















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross





















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross





















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross





















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

234


891







Heartland and Jasper County
 MO [Member]










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


















000



City of Joplin
 MO [Member]










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
















300





Heartland Pet Food Mfg. [Member] | Heartland and Jasper County
 MO [Member]










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]












000









Heartland Pet Food Mfg. [Member] | City of Joplin
 MO [Member]










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]












900


800











Aggregate principal amount of industrial bonds to be issued by Jasper County
 Missouri and purchased by Heartland Pet Foods Manufacturing Inc.
 the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary (Heartland).




























The aggregate amount of purchased industrial revenue bonds from Heartland by Jasper County
 Missouri.




























Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











May 25
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2017

















000
000

















137
000







Interest expense
 debt



500
000


000
000


100
000









400
000


000







Long-term Debt
 by Current and Noncurrent [Abstract]


















137
000











000
000)


960
000)




000
000)







914
000


177
000




914
000





























Debt covenant
 reduction of basis spread












Covenant for marginal rates
 secured leverage ratio



























400
000















914
000


100
000

































Long-term Debt
 by Current and Noncurrent [Abstract]
















914
000


100
000

































Line of credit
 maximum borrowing capacity

000
000.000000













000
000











Periodic payment
 balloon payment to be paid

000
000





































Line of credit
 maximum borrowing capacity

000
000.000000













000





































Line of credit
 maximum borrowing capacity

000
000
































































































































Amended Facility | Variable rate option 1 | London Interbank Offer Rate
 One Month (LIBOR) [Member]














































































































































Long-term debt
 fair value



400
000


500
000











Debt Instrument
 Covenant
 Reduction of Basis Spread




























Debt Instrument
 Covenant Terms
 Secured Leverage Ratio
 Maximum




























Debt Instrument
 Secured Leverage Ratio













































































































































































Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




















































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.




























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























The cash outflow for the settlement of obligation drawn from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.


















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











146


658





196


951





411







921


278





287


109





033


633



Other Liabilities
 Current

994


629







Accrued Capital Expenditures
 Current




























Accrued Payable
 Inventory in Transit






















































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













762


605


826





274


933


164














102


579


001





833)


391


855)





532


644


216)














306)


988


071)





796


567


930












































































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













994


419


427





669)


611)


109)





325


808


318




































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




















State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit





























































































Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
 Percent







































































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




























Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income tax contingencies. Includes
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.
























































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015






















100
















Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]










600


207


518





013











367


845
















028)







326


600


207





















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decrease Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions



028












010


440












587


544







600







509





740


380





514


447





922


724







057



Deferred tax assets
 gross

852


114





489)


772)



Total deferred tax assets
 net

363


342



Property
 plant
 and equipment

910)


173)







518)





406)


691)





043)


349)







Deferred Tax Assets
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits
















































































































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)





















































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.




























Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.
















































































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.

























































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











Tax credit carryforwards
 research and development










489


772





Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
Incomplete Accounting
 Change in Tax Rate
 Deferred Tax Liability
 Existing Income Tax Expense (Benefit)

400































































700



























800



























800






































Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
 Percent




























Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
 Incomplete Accounting
 Change in Tax Rate
 Deferred Tax Liability
 Existing Income Tax Expense (Benefit)






















































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]










137










Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








100


900










Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








914


100










Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








400


500




































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.




























Investment in short-term money-market instruments (such as commercial paper
 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and so forth) which are highly liquid (that is
 readily convertible to known amounts of cash) and so near their maturity that they present an insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents by definition. Original maturity means an original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent of Match








Defined Contribution Plan
 Cost


























Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent of Match








Defined Contribution Plan
 Employee Contribution
 Percent


























Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent of Match








Defined Contribution Plan
 Employee Contribution
 Percent












Defined Contribution Plan
 Employee Contribution
 Percent






















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Aug. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Jul. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015















Common Stock
 Shares Authorized



500
000
000




500
000
000


500
000
000



Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share












Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized



000
000




000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share












Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued



615
064




524
010









522
290




524
010





Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding












Stock Repurchase Program
 Authorized Amount





000
000









100
000











Treasury Stock Acquired
 Average Cost Per Share












Treasury Stock
 Value
 Acquired
 Cost Method

000
000


000
000




































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

















































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Mar. 04
 2013
Sep. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Jul. 27
 2015

















Granted
 in shares





887









Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross





887









Options exercises in period
 intrinsic value





100


600


500









400


500




500





Income tax benefit from exercise of stock options
 financing activities









536





































000















242
061



















230
642



















































400
000



Granted
 in shares





187









Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross





187















552
780







































Granted
 in shares





430









Shares vested in period
 fair value












































Granted
 in shares





430







































Non-option equity instruments
 granted (in shares)





051







































Granted
 in shares





609















500







































Non-option equity instruments
 granted (in shares)





792







































Granted
 in shares





752









Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross





752







































Granted
 in shares





135









Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross





135













Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Share-based Compensation
 Excess Tax Benefit
 Amount




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period
 Fair Value






















































































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.



















































































































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]


















































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]




Number of shares - outstanding
 December 31
 2014 | shares

248
156



Granted
 in shares | shares

887



Exercised
 in shares (in shares) | shares

055
624



Forfeited
 in shares | shares

245



Expired
 in shares | shares

641



Number of shares - outstanding
 December 31
 2015 | shares

416
533



Number of shares - exercisable
 December 31
 2015 | shares

727
179



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]




Weighted average exercise price per share - outstanding
 December 31
 2014 | $ / shares
























Weighted average exercise price per share - outstanding
 December 31
 2015 | $ / shares




Weighted average exercise price per share - exercisable
 December 31
 2015 | $ / shares




Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Additional Disclosures [Abstract]




Options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual term




Options
 exercisable
 weighted average remaining contractual term




Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 outstanding in dollars per share | $

100
000



Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 exercisable
 in dollars per share | $

600
000













































































































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.





















































































Amount by which current fair value of underlying stock exceeds exercise price of fully vested and expected to vest exercisable or convertible options. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























Outstanding at December 31
 2015
 in shares | shares

861



Granted
 in shares | shares

609



Vested
 in shares | shares

220)



Forfeited
 in shares | shares

458)



Outstanding at December 31
 2016
 in shares | shares

792



Outstanding at December 31
 2015
 in dollars per share | $ / shares




Granted
 in dollars per share | $ / shares




Vested
 in dollars per share | $ / shares




Forfeited
 in dollars per share | $ / shares




Outstanding at December 31
 2016
 in dollars per share | $ / shares














Outstanding at December 31
 2015
 in shares | shares




Granted
 in shares | shares

430



Vested
 in shares | shares

430)



Forfeited
 in shares | shares




Outstanding at December 31
 2016
 in shares | shares




Outstanding at December 31
 2015
 in dollars per share | $ / shares




Granted
 in dollars per share | $ / shares




Vested
 in dollars per share | $ / shares




Forfeited
 in dollars per share | $ / shares




Outstanding at December 31
 2016
 in dollars per share | $ / shares








The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]






819





974










250







Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Not yet Recognized
 Stock Options
 Year Four




























Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Not yet Recognized
 Stock Options
 Year Three




























Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Not yet Recognized
 Stock Options
 Year Two


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015





























620


137


682


090


802


482


624


333


529


241


388





302
613


121
691


994
210


621
906


516
632


445
684


270
119


217
311


256
128


363
084


933
800





















662
289


985
662


113
653





889
189


659
459


618
809


524
913


446
875


452
308


441
315


160
465


918
417


348
746


047
453







































































684


194


795























































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due
 Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]










843









676









029









123









186







Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due

857







Operating Leases
 Rent Expense

800


300


600







Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





















































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jan. 08
 2016
Dec. 09
 2015
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015





















772







Contractual obligations
 Less than one year





385







Contractual obligations
 one to three years





387







Contractual obligations
 three to five years












Contractual obligations
 More than five years




















000



































000











000











































863







Contractual obligations
 Less than one year





596







Contractual obligations
 one to three years





267







Contractual obligations
 three to five years












Contractual obligations
 More than five years












































909







Contractual obligations
 Less than one year





789







Contractual obligations
 one to three years





120







Contractual obligations
 three to five years












Contractual obligations
 More than five years
















Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
 Due in One to Three Years




























Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligations
 Due in Three to Five Years



















































































































Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the unrecorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example
 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).




























Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016



































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))

















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015





























963


845


831


951


096


996


850


836


274
589


149
778


027
447





859


817


737


675


939


209


303


232


088


683


831



Selling
 general and administrative expense

049


188


423


311


912


493


600


756


849


761


716





810


629


314


364


027


716


703


476


239


922


115





620


137


682


090


802


482


624


333


529


241


388























































302
613


121
691


994
210


621
906


516
632


445
684


270
119


217
311


256
128


363
084


933
800





889
189


659
459


618
809


524
913


446
875


452
308


441
315


160
465


918
417


348
746


047
453


































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





















































































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Feb. 22
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share









































































































Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.































































/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( .2%6DP?(\\#P    !



:7I)'NX    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


M.473
QT@*OVA#@AU5;7@D)11I& &%G$E
MD9+7112&=\4:O^/B9^@5F-&/




!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS








M&T(_^UY7^^YAONW[PWV6=4_;4)?=77



M*X]-\VTX^6WS






$QZQWZ!(_L3^ -52@

M+:

M7]&%7.I6R2Y&[F+Z9VN%W+(8%P?Z;VDMY
 XG5K0M:QCS77LJ/ZFS.6_47$+


MFBSQLH'+V;&W#=R\X*U%1

C756[K8#  !2#P  &    'AL+W=O




MONN[R

M!W_
7XON:WW[U4\#TG$TC?YW_^:+@/=*0HY]7;3#;[1_;;NZG'H)4LK\QWB]
M5

@LJ0

.
R#5.$R1*FT=4$MP7+DTM4 R
MP;'0H4IIW8K4K;!N!72/B)[E
59K!E9Q2V!2










Y9\X
X
D'0E]8
-^QBLMYG$*\O!@ULL79D)3M7N3FZV'C^M(0PFC/
MI0(4MPNJ$,922-CX,VFZ<TI)7*ZOZI]5[:*6'62H(OAW<^#UQLU<YX.\(SY
M

R%([A+ 1 !OA.@N(9H(D4;PQE)4;[:0PR*G9'#H^'9[*#^B8!V)[N]E

#7KX/D%E(H &V9J0


OU(2TV0V5*+T*V69E:SF6E6
M\U%FMA_


M#.4YJL5+
=[&:?0F

CE
M

$%     @ Y(5:3%[ RH(/!0  .1H  !@

M/FBZ\ISGWYN+WQ9WPZAQY-?^I6I29/7'AY_Y];K)5/OXITLZ/+;9!)Y^_\S^
MV':^[LQS5OI9OOY[M:B6=\-D.%CXU^Q]77W-][_ZKD-F..AZ_[O_\.M:WCBI

1MN Z&)\8)#$Q@P/BRM3LU8@IOM&(]/:\)C%AH


Z_'
R97UA)*$UML-H%F$V6

M\Z+03$]Y4
 
7PB=*%B6D4VHIR4
706HJXAW6\+4JIAW^[PH-(.AJP!U%:=N
M)PK65)*(2;B@NU@R*E8V$G%BHA%.TFJ$U%C+\E/YB9D33\-
22*JU)*R
MAN\PYD#:]\Q@=BH 3\4IKB0]4TK$8K:@2EKBLRISV3CAVY4'(+LQSL1B6P-T
MO
+


MS$[%%/&Y 3*R GI 1I9S'ACK&R;






MNMA7[=_1^JVJBT

$)$)P(P8GJA9V4JQGU7*R&



F29
^V=B@2!N4

M==@7(T8E=ZA,+=BL5$1,JU:B-D+'!6 -#%


MCS#3MU)C[$H
7
E)5V+PSDX^J$L A1UW(C4#JN\=(V
W8O#23M:#!8.-DXDL



M(0

6I.QJ;7L[GYO\#4$L#!!0    ( .2%6DP
.5Z\
&UL?5-A;YLP$/TK

MFF?; CCRJJ2V.6V=ZPZ


M:%ID


(FH9
SXG-POE4YW01!(*%T@8'[XP+W


M%\Q/WC;CFHV.PVYZ06Q^QL5?4$L#!!0    ( .2%6DQTJ';7MP$  -(#   8


H
#
M


L\\ITK44


M6W\VXYB-AL-N^D%L_L;%7U!+ P04     #DA5I,ZW/2[4!  #0 P  &




1%[&KYF3+BD#



RN[&#U#GO]=B2&A<.'[P9S
-



_6[38PE(+!=H)HXF%IJ#WR?&4
MA?@8\%/ Z%9G$BJY&/
2C]U07=!$$BH?&#@N%WA :0,1CC]\Q)EY0!N#Z_




R(9%SA(HN^LRDRW3O!%9P-LKV4

M

[^


MQ



M1L/I;OI 9/[%Q1M02P
$%     @ Y(5:3+9N#E.R 0  T@

?F(YMEV (Z\**EM03OG^@-C



[PS$+
M\3'@AX#1KLXD5')&? [&Y[J@21 $$BH7&+C?+O  4@8B+^/GS$F7E &X/E_9

M971S+W-H965T
3

[84ITFA99])ULD9G!RT[#R1(W*7LKR-(
M,^9T3S\<CUW3^N!@1=:+!I[ _^A/%BVVL%2= NTZHXF%.J?W^\,Q#?$QX&<'
MHUN=2:CD;,Q+,+Y6.=T%02A](%!X':!!Y R$*&


M-V5PQE;$.Q3OT'LI]K=)QBZ!:(XY3C%\';-$


$(M?C!%D-[</Q%L]V&K/)\*:??Q!;OG'Q
M#E!+ P04     #DA5I

O


M/QR/;=VXX&!YVHD:GL#]Z
[&6VQF*5L%VK:HB8$JHW?;XRD)\3'@9PN#79Q)

ME
]MZ9J
'B@IH1*]=(\X/
,T65)@K^,D+[SSP-[Q^:_P\=I_RY

9QVPT'';3#V+S-\[? 5!+

W^.(/18X!1?'4^\
M[5QPD#+O60L_P?WJ3\9;9&&IN01EN5;(0%/@^_1PS$)\#'CF
-K5&85*SEJ_


MSMKYEXW];[1VX*4D-WZ$.O_!%D- X\+QSI_--&:3X70__RR?./R+U!+ P04
M     #DA5I



VEHF2??Q98Y#EY) Q=+W*UL#_/H' LZ)Z^.IYDV_GH

)22PW&233$0E/0A_WIG
7X%/!-PNA69Q(KN2(^1^-C
M7=!=% 0**A\91-AN\ A*1:(@X\?

MR/Y;XE;





M _@



M)5F6).^9XD+3
H^^LRUS

M!_^C/UNTV
)2P7::.)A::@#^GQM _Q





MW 0_17$!X1=UDFW*]M2-E752JVT2M7DF;7'-@H7!_ Z_?L)H[;6'D!9IAS
MYLPPY*

M-YL;(AE7N


6XF/  X?1+LXH5'+6^BD8W^L;X(@$%Y
MP
7YE_QIK][6<F84[+1YY[;H[S&JH6&#</=Z
M_ :IGFN

RN;*
MCU#G/]AL&A<.'[R9S.-V60XW:<?1.9O7/X%4$L#!!0    ( .2%6DSFM-7L


Z
M&/OL&@!/7K1J748;[[L#8ZYH0 MW93IH\:8R5@N/IJV9ZRR(
I*T8GRSN69:

O\+^[DT6+


MHJ




K

?G$FL9*+M8_1^%+E=!
%@8(R1 :!VQ7N
M0:E(A#)^3YQT3AF!R_


^ 0\K#

SM2+=H7B/WFNQO3UD[!J)IIC3&
.7
M
7

M-;@F39

MT@


M^DZFR'!P2G9P


46EDIJ








)6/=5@FCA-








M;Z4X\G_@?!N^WU2XC_#]'PJOMPG238(T$J3_+7$KYN:O)&S54PVFB=-D28E#
M%R=YY5T&]I['-_D=/DW[DS-[PYH_
O&_M?(SKP4I(K/T*M_V+H:!VX7CK
MSV8:L\EPV,\_BW?N/@%4$L#!!0    ( .2%6DP$%]?PF0(  $(*   9


T.S*RG
J:

P\[OR9
M5Y5E
G[\'DCC4=

[M5^D5T7_@0


MA8O
49%Y2 ))X)A)FYR@8HL$ +JB68%!?)4)$
(9AY(AAFCHLL49%E0)#Z


MI^. M'

M6O933;_1HATF-C*.C?E?4$L#!!0    ( .2%6DR501'WN $  -(#   9


.+D0'UOJN





.!MYX*#E'G/6O@)[E=_,MXBTO-)2C+M4(&F@+?
M[ ['+

MZ3LXW8:GFQFF$9ZNU:\_T





X$C
5;-53!::)TV1)B8..

6?
MS31FD^&PGW\06[YQ\0]02P
$%     @ Y(5:3'0YKP6W 0  T@
  !D   !X

TI*J$2OW#,.WVJYYJ2J?@?< 'EX2$3'Z-







[QW69_
M2 



M6'CBS9[ZWI3!&5L1[WSRUGO/!4UO
G(.0A/F

MZ_3M:H;;2-\NH^_^$S]=%4BC0/J/0/*IQ*\8FNX^!2&+GDHP39PFBTK=JSC)

M4:=UGQUR 50;

M%%5 YRJ.]%#9UZN0G*JC2EKHGH)].*.-A$2$T[;SR]SY3K+
Q:!9V\%)




Z2^2


P&TF
M1J
23+E?KQJ4%GQF



MY;&4993FZ6:





MWUGFJ1@T:SLX2Z0&SJG\?0(FQ@SO\
WQTM:-M@Z2ISVMX3OH'_U9&HLL+&7+


O!$AJRO(0=9N^!0JQ-YP5]Y
ME_E^-T5_@N?'H=O5-9MI]!%:#







]=Q2
A7_%2Z@/#QDXF

M2=%;AWI2\:EH\3[NLHW[

/PDG\M3@0
S8^TZ$




MH^&PFWX0F[]Q_@=02P
$%     @ Y(5:3.M:@8V 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W

S

2J==IVJ1-


MJ@
MW(T9H


M? SX(6%RFS
)E5R





%F0T'EP_& 9SN.V6AX
MTTT_B




5(&535:G42JM4
M;9Z]




M'8UO\@Z?IOT'




1S8B7OMMA+,/,Y\R8O*IDX

M\3







M95MA4*L[



E0@M0+I

JCX^




-XQ)76;N
R(

M/:



MSZ
8IH3(FS0AHC0V$WDV2)DF$BPF6Y]S281(5^H9HUFJ #;W;3.I*(29

M
RM+!56*6YTB5L
F?JIB/E&^U3J98$5 BG*XK:[07N#$+$9[F@+.49+WV@,
M,P91%E'=D
LBJ%%S!\J5


(Y:#:'ZPD+
?_2)@

M!Y'Y$N@86PPYTCF%2^@X.4+;]2YGI'=?,;T]@/SRS#-@J/((=L8Q):67

MDCDE'!!R=2.P^'.\R)9
R19

3$



%&!;Z[0VF0=0:OX$D<($EL(H



M\81^^C]02P
$%     @ Y(5:3*

M6 ^=.KDPWA*IEOR*1,^!G$U02U$8!EJ2=/Y56'V#KPJV$W2IH
#]\2M;0G_



!A9/4&8@:[K '2G4BA?%[RNG/5^K Y?PM
M^R?C77DY$@%[1G\U9UF7?NY[9[B0&Y7/;/@
DY_$]R;S7^$.5
DUB;KCQ*@P
MO][I)B1KIRP*I26OX]AT9AS&DSB;PMP!X100S@$X_F] - 5$5@ :R8S5CT22



M*F'PI'S5ZL




0U+N3RM/Z4WE1A?[G4%9YVNC/

^@0



V&+ ?
KAV;6
W.MU_


+*F F)'430000RCHV


M8ZVD6-$4*#IR980U2*

MFCQ.L,*9& GM$@90--5U%QJ?P*:!H.US(6(X?^&-8?HS

6J.G;WE+6W*Z]%TUX?C5KO
M=Z'/M+U:

MW=\_


H.VS8M.Q





3O#Z^^?


MSOYO[0#4[=N/M8CC9?#1.1HQFP'#)YC%%+.U

B3#8D-R#/*15TP

MJP0B29B9R0)(TE0E-'ZK;1


Y_A$Z:&BL6QW8%





M8RXOK%0
2)4B
S$$
O4
@B)'

K'.L2#V]? 3B6





$


_O[I]
[:J6

MM
N=%!#9L+4KRF#QSOLIOB%!R6Q4 I/Y\O0O&(8A C/TOI92E=%BO+KG2[
4OC2^87YI

M2P
_N*]Q39@0Y1$:D#3)FU2U6G;


MU)L]XVTEU9 ?(M%S6NV

/Q*EM*_YO


V




* V#


H#X0X-X-(C?#9(/
M#9+1(+$
HB$54YNRDM5ZR=DEX


M.FM'HV8S:-!
 R=%I+Q/(9 OQ 8YYN@Z0.$J8DM2NA*_!Q-\_8V
?S'$CB
M=Y!X'23&07)5*&P5:M!@H^F

+








MM

2GYKE7DS9]%I

K)/!T8O




]_;

M]/KO87A U =$0P!)[@;$?4#\$4#O!M ^@(* H$O%K4W)-%LMI+AXLGN]1V:K

M@F)
Q  IQT@:X29B-

M4;-S1 %9C$F V8Q)@=F$8:&N-D$-9L@ @28Q1A811@3 [,(0R;*($7-IL@D
M\/^

MMS 



;*-$1A?VX;5-4P?
EVW^XW)?=4J[T5H








WJVCAICK^#:3CF-('3^W?W




MZ) (Q_C.&XC@Q1(1 

M.WYNE=D;)K/CH62)S:;HS*_
X1;_ 5!+ P04     #DA5I




MGHM.K77UN]R:PR+



#
I?JI

5R

MKR$X%6+%D3G_&&-$8+3$029A'#VXI9@*FD'DG0@G0/YH0J)5X4!DSA,XSY
M\/+ $


D2!H(AE))$-$@/M$


7_G
Q1(@%\6 @0QRR?83
@0$&S 9P/X Z327[D$

M9OXI!5AM9R!S=%!1.

]@RW]02P,$%
M  @ Y(5:3/);TYRV @  U@H  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-#<N

ET2J



3OG%Y$
M[][14C:

MS(8(NF3%GWPGCU

NEY;^&P0&X#<!= (KO!@1M0/ 9$-X--N <!#@-5)
M;U9$DMF$LXO#F^.MB?X7H==0=7^K-TVSS3/5'J%VS[



/% +X!!@\:M[F-NBDW!8E.@)0%


M K8NBIZ0UL.09ZSY,:6W0=E0N[#@%6R)(1M@+*'U+NP&E#TB-[/DXE&Y



H2




M



M68XN1FC K'M
.
&$[Q&;.8+\A2!M8'01.EV$ED\F_#@(W +$*4L0/1. -^8
M[#&)Q32]R91@LGO$SG7B?IT!1



=Z'[HK]]^X'B


B


JBAHUP

MH


].Y;JA;=?H4]HXCI]]M_A!*6&
MFTBTCXR7TGZ=[@5KWH5'4K%WKNQJ.W8=CMQU--P@M\3_(% [Q.GA!\$L*[

T1;;[NGR2&T]I1
O3
C)
M/6898?QSS!T0!M/KCP



MAQ:U\

M$O;*3&
]%UV_Z1:*-WTO)4-#3_\!4$L#!!0    ( .2%6DQ2[I83W (  $L+



M(=QY+XN*K=P3Y_6#Y['=B9096]:5.+-@39EQL6T.7JL;DBVEZ2R\*#O8Z_,
M\LI=+^7:




8$6)C4A$;0G$UAK&DA^
M


MO%(NNA'9



M970U


J_]J7DUAY7TF-L:J+MKA;[!Z:;NZ'+W85
K\U_%W5PV_A]'_




MS^51-#D4QE$@'K4;*F.A4FT7G_DJB
D5


DA0(Z2;BA.CO0^-I'G01N@H\CC J-#5Z!#&!TZ+M1!P=






)ZLH^R=%P#^JBKAJ_L0HAV
MZ3@\+Z F?$%;:.2;$V4U$7+)S@YO&9C)M65X[MN[-2D;.QUIF-[ML[H151E


M5!*NG
VV/@SNO^XP7:. S(;@Y)?-Q$@.89:'XP

;H&831
 \!G-


FIK&4$V\T]
L^U:BELDQ\WOV7#&Z &;O=D/

M;
XO*1P@!P/D-D!^EP'RBAPUQ&HZJ\EQ7B)2P @@@ PAZ(+$!9F96A@@J0





*$\UA-L@6#+K<%HN

YFI_[Q$=L.Z;]\;#Z_
WFJ.Q6]FWZ+-L-'870W24KHQS









J9
0/.(,#)$0$J;GJU$JM%%W5Z[,#2T!G8\YVPO7O:QN

M![RGE[@%^C?_4F:



@1QGWU/[B:
]
;
I;=*-PKTSYI7)
MWHHDV^3X9HDFS''$D 6&9.F

U4<!;:G$IW=FHA-!C\

M80X8U-INMV8OQRLR!EKTT^W'\R^H^ =02P
$%     @ Y(5:3 Z5%VP?!

MY3^*DS&E]S.)TV(T.)7EY=GWB]W))%'QE%U
:G\Y9'D2E?8V/_K%)3?1OA8E
ML4^#0/I)=$X'XV'=]IJ/A]FUC

39;30@@X^&[^?CJ:P:


2=J\_HB_JP=O!


MVUV+
DO:*#:5)/K9?)_3^OO6QO^0X0+:NA=8/O^2L!: ?L4\\%O!7PO@+1

^#HGE

MT G05$&#R!I)F^E@D@)JBE&$@:F=N12G4H%YF2


MV+I$21H&A #/5CA)0D; V-
L@#FN44]THRIX!=K7N+E()UR
M$!J

DH+90&C(^*<
 )B

M?-6XK]KU%?0RT7U\[0/-4 A
]!R%H*\8!%?)PI!7U$(5,@*A:O& 3_\&XP

M[QS/$I

W[Q9


M;8U_?V4T_A]02P

.OS0-


AF A^\BDA' GAC1!]2HA&

7LO$\PMT54(C
M9CU@@AGFAD!2?;((;!;K8$$/[@TV2T1H0+9+2!K8DPBM=8::'][5^4 @L@I$

<8KW-A0H8G:VE#)##4DC68SI0%V
MUO.:.P=Z:87Z-6?1Z4QX=1



$%     @ Y(5:



',(IXL%'/T%DB8V3S@

.IAP
MY0(F7;
5@:U=H/&




]F21);SRX67
L$T[)9DAIT

M#O_#0(I:_]@$E[^KY5]02P



Y/%B@R_'+?&M(^!0:O!S'*!'7!NE8R/
MWZ



:I;Y1V$
M-NWMFK 40H,1]!?F(ZC,7)X#J6VV]3LY3<AD+;AR\=)K^^5]02P
$%




M#7S;7QGPUH!_&H@O#41K(&XUD*V!O-5 M0;J5@/=&NA;#4QK8&XUL*V!O=6


XQ\'0.$8L;..R


M*889!6.;81BU'
0VQS#., 6

2

MK!B(9Z3#X52&@B$8AY21@:])2/GTI7!51UID7 %JAO@B?EH#



MH
*W0#

HF!YF*
0&
0%@%!EK= *PRR4%H,4F RV&0N#)'5V=
]%!'0F7A

MSDUG_WB9&_AMR@-E86X$MSH



M-R&PA.!10F@)X:.$R!*B!0$/M9O'/!!)LH2SWN%#.W1$=YVWB]3ORG72_!US
MIMY3J.PMBP


Z0W=Q!YZTJQY07PB_U*UPSDRJSC?]63(F







0

M/
.(GD?Y+OIX7QPK6)3FUAD&

FAWES7F]';W!5XKRKRY\M=EMD_S591]!49;




 0D!5K%E#];7GO:OMV
);




LV&



:SS

MXA]/V

MIB9BX\?A)ICB\X(&[?,LI4T^

MYNIJ



V!Z&(-DL8F?4C)6!']=-P\HL0QI-;@?J:YTO!OCQ4H5W!)


MHJ7YM

_'T87





MCO8!!P7B)C4*;U=1

MO6[1C.U*LDU(5YN
!

!=WB44YW;H!N9' 46%MZ/AST!P/O@XE1

XL%L'
]&PZY^X(RBRG- 1H0=KH^;3:!/X)=T*!]*X*]EA:N0S/XH

Q4FXZ[QP5M)KN@=2^YEO@YK!W23R#*:+[
M#0XI4!JQR PVL'C










M)GY19D;$C[]&#G^_SN'G9TD\
;*W$Z


MW?

B[
MI&#;HG*W^I)RNY1@EK!5P(O*O/I
WFM+/[ %@48^97/

MMP^M'UWT$
MFYM&!,HG!K09TS$H0_63&SRA'8MM+\&1E7 5\+U+L[ WTZ#G$&ZQ3\BU529
M:;'




MJ !*'
M*6.DMFN_71[P;@#-MZ:IF%;UP_$^&Y'@;\PZ\X*-U^@4X&4X?9+6=

I=?J0XY.)S;5%AC7-.:!

M2;02[E7]2$:%(VH6?E;4UDA(/?9/5




RA9G13
MQJ%M@ZEYD\


%HT
M?BSIBQ5RQ8RU3%*KT[(D^P0+T62\.R[OM6-D76A1OF4&@.D0P/BZAD@DO2([

M%/#.1\2Q
F!CMW !E /84,#ZZ!\M62'!S1-=Q4]SC%:N8GO88!Z?UVD]UM
MP^QB'_I9\6^ZG-M]L=

MT

M5:Z1[Z!J4HG63T
B7\6G PC8_R6F 12!R
N3IW)9XMU)$I0+SA%K]ZV:0]%5
MRQ8%FE517[Y^Y)+*VJTT:G__=./
[[B@5GR*G0!%6C9LQ_
D'@X71DZ'+Y+!
H=)!B$*A[[;L7:HW[F+
M3W/[2]0
=@E_)09L :

:6
CPP%
M2O%/H0Y9EL@CV2N%G@B)7I.PDP@N

M[RA?\
W!<F
M2_J\YZD*\FK8R-F/?@6BA
UZ&1AGGF\D=F5S%+85 YS^$+-52BLYYLLH#F?
MDN0_$CUVN*/*GK5(_5HA:4K7
F \
8C-)6
$S68C


M


^O/_CP4BY
MYP/)-.ZTK2UO.:V-5%5;EF1%)KDC3#A<&PY,I^G/DP6$#].!@\59\D8J/[@

M)WEN2;QW



M)V0'$CH2&Y;Q%*GCI+ 7
/53PQU

@U0ELHEG5(P
0KEI=AM)' ?]Y$;I7=E=!2Y7\G^N)A]LJVDSG%.3@R^
M






2B-ZGNE5_C0#*:G)2
)E8R




MOTWPJ:S4:.0
^P0
_C[;[#&BCY
K6[.@;C

X9!0&0I*SA 0#PUR20T.D


X\6P6&8;26(?%H+8N::

#$


M



MP839Q5G6^E2Q@-O3&$L6UTBL(8.\@


1
M^8;/ R=7?L3K4=/Q'ITFX^1_!U8F=C'O




M0@C'#^F#3[*/AG$R&
-_1^-I=.V2\$W8? 5BX6 XA/\F\%\%;)@MXL48@1YF
M _B0G 2\8+Z.C



O(P0D&21FML&S4S@YR7Q!AH9#*;D4?++N






MWT86$!G__Q.&UV :T7&'=/TS2 O 
'*XZ?D7N.0IA9D\=7+%P-JS?&5Q.9DQ







M%:6( X$\)?\.7F3[P;'2 %KUN.&#[^$N;QDCP#XUV1)V'\@K&Z;1B-9W.-
MUY&%WQU33%'-6
HGIY4

MM

M7MMEEY1.$+U[^^+]!_LX/7?!_TAW-@ 3R/HNW_G&R:PVQVW9(WFEL3Z?GZB




(/._4DN?INR+V]T:^)0+T@H3N5:H282YSSF5[!JF]HIM*
M



M)^4

$N
MQT?!/X6'N3TI+$;[3- *9.Y1/_W.U
YH7JXFKX7

MZ


JT2/A%&I6-T
0D.


M2.)UXJA(T,MU)4MT
V\'# =3-YC5W 4QBE6KBZ/!U%A_' :QQ^/_JEY62B

']7+^






X;!-8F@%Q+5^N0S:\AT7%]Y@


M@ACY2[&[%

M8T)M3R(


!KS6L_XSQR&\D.(L[+C&CJ!CW6=;X*$-ZD1HA=]



J@


/N.4TPMBT -X'==


Z.#
P)-RTH^IJS3/X3C3;GHJI
8E

MJE


!Y






LP7

Z^I








MFF'=OF:N^C=A2TH%4#8HLPKA$VJ&


M D[W0W317!FZ0C9%\3DC6&-&$'9HL[J?[F0+R+ SUELO2=LZT5+!I#E\]SY$
M?OLM9

M:W*%W5'2)3K
T76X9)


'['/AZN;QGGZ9!WL8KJ6NR8;P(
M1BANHB2ZC/[C2)A-M!6R)L3RMVGY.=-5)1_@J27[.LRH%QN;=AHC3R[.<@5
MZ
=NMX$V.R0W[?YX
NG<PH

M-UIP W








 ^#B)I_(/.S6]$T&+

M)? RJ=R+.QY+
KW6MV#;I]J=I


MO^NN

M06YP%XRS7*;!/I+;V+TMD'B3$ N:S'F\W+00ZA.02/U'J3.KLI)BTQ7K-68Z




)Y



1!0#5.HC;9\!H(B
IQ?%SN'0([('JH%SA]/ 8M

)R1(O.P=(5K\
% 7%&LC993


ML
$4AFS.JF7




*QL-**%JZC?$&#._
M#

'/27_(



MX?._-/3W+E]G(!GMHK_R?ERY(E)8H#O?5?E2P@+?^ZG&+5YC%.#G

M$]XJZ!_KJ



%C3$.4+8C*@VZ*@_-47_ZB*7$[?FXW@V&49.^$P6BSB!
M%D (=3)H2%4.75_6WUV
2Q_<#<#0;_F+


MFCT@: '.LDL: YH1.#W*N2#;U;^/3L]O1-O ::#6V_0G9DHA]($+1R!M@+#E

&JQX&_2!
:GG;

MC9YLSWAFJ4'
2=2(P%.%_1^V@ ;K-0DE$C:-=KJ2])K3 $$:B=)+Z=V_L.
[^ 9ELU@FU:GNSV5C0??D)S2,B@
M!J;YQC'7)17M=LHQ$LA2[.:;,MVGY6!N[R!7?DQ@!3ING;ILB-6T;K<@7)@
M% 

M)

AI[%CSZ
!


M) OXYZBI[4R#:
4!<)<+_**^^7EB: +0FU'*+XW

(
YLR#Y_&@R%R=D*?3H8C
BZI[B






MU?[#.!!


O0-
(40T4!Z!.

M@ @8?46K(#UD]0KJ'K325%&G!6SIZSH[+)%L]=+3*)GFHPZL9F]J/KNT&ZIS


?


J
M#=_

*!_\Y44S]SGW9:+.0_
MN*PUG)HW3GQYE1[2^AMMS[W=4=@GP]@]Q=)QOEM218_N

I!B J<8.$
MRJ)A?:1Q/!\EI-@-J#H#?!J!T@@ZZ)\)5QE8/:4)Z-Y/)U-X.\LGHUF48*U




M=]$T)(_A; %$0;:'.2SSA#SY\QF


NJ;8J
MQY%?N



M

M%9N;&8:HWJ\ ^(@:ST$[G


MCR






)


AX!7C6Z%W








MO+XK158DGYY2Z+QT60
M:^2J_$R:S$)94.-I0X. %/JYP?%&&9Q/9%+
MVW:=?@$.)V55=R*W^




M

M]$OTC\-3R

M[JRBCCC54$\@2/Q*+KZ



E2
 @KGU8\^

MC?

]YM
1KX(ADLFCE2B\7@!:$'QH:/',Q^7ZZ.3TD' *
M8ZJ%QT4-T
&-)P$T!;HV)O6!C::=Q73(&8=
1+))4@6MV'3R@EXS]N-9T&





M+$#$]UD*Y_L]09EVCRQ81-01).?(\]FS#K'6TD[UU?D5*+C 6!EC#JH_\P3K

CF_4.N8'G2?;[* 7CVRM



M








MK'M1PS

5FG(V_!T1FK[
MNH




MA

M'I0E2)P

;6'#,*0([C]PT%GK6I:X1-+V)GQ5@._:L$W=V




M
/).BWB










M$H;I:)O


*R&53
6KE'CF:O(=;V=%^4(_!9:VU

1 #-3+$SEG0H<

MIR^L4;Y1I

12D3^0K124!L56

)H(
?HZU/E4LX/8TQHK%-1)K4$KFHH)[




M(T

-'.OU$R=R


QW3



!(EQ.9W$RGT5_0?
&


MM;

MX6B
.+3S11*-)G.J )?
I_%@.D9WQ=-RK:


MUJI&%%\JR*/630.LTQO'@P'6B^W!&].!6Y)-.%!L:*%-PL%+9HWR6
SW7DH7




M =XCB






 '_06/W0L


#42CZ75=O!!?9[[1Z0[K)G]+X

#

MH-B

R?
J+P1)!JU)6_AZXLABOBS
MX5@NYND4FQM




M:_P['/7G(#-&'_+J\^4:













*7/DE7_[6MV*C

1RRCWN
MVPOHWA-8(\HM[)@-P)W]7VT4P;T3XDCSTJ#3)P9+F].$ ?
JJ=7?'H&(1^KL
M:Y0@ZK\N3OX:D'4'Z=OC\?_4=BW-;=PP^*_LI=-D9N
ZLORZ=$:5X]2N%;NV


MU-&7/YZCB/%(9?SQ2&7\\4AEN/4Q:1%BAAY15!(X0T#-H%$17_!QDL%+X^!R


HB<^91K'O!@\DUK;=7JNBBYFNT


0L

I&3Y
]7PQO.H.(IA
&VD;043%%#\8:
$_X9 J^)4E7(%\

F^7^ZB2IU1CE/R8G.8ET;P&KG![QWWR#S4CZ?



KX\W;X9 %&Z$V@]TT0-

MYZN61M3JQX@4 7$KH)KY8B& 



0M!(G3&ZS#9AO*5^8S

0+:L

MO2KA4CONBRW(:9II/J+MP

ZQF
[A:C%?+
M'8_BLG@I9D!

NT&D:6KI9:G.(M[?$*-KHEVP+0]@
M$IR^V$!NTX'.LU&Q!'?EI%$H!YT\-H3+6*+=-/L\/0'+DSJR ##%1CRY$ 7

M;W:Y;5 ZJ;DMK43P4!N0

M

-\^


MWS9FTI^@K*V$6R2$GIQNJ%7;57.FZB7;7XY-AD=C=&38*TJ_8ZM_I.EU8^
M!W(WNSP+WCOBS


MTS;.(/3]YFTR)\?B= ;R[URG%$.RGI&.Z5Z'@L
=Z]%6_797!LHINV^I;R5(
.H*F$:AJJZC*C_!R4BKBU10..) 9<2=#[13[*Y<+G729MGB4!<I
M3'P*IK+3[FB=\/2EF#,AZW:#8H+T\;QZ0P,8^(;,%URXICO@?D&N*F)CZ*C








REX(XAC:C

ML^K&[$\M=

M&9T+#GXQ3Q:


6QE;2XZ9]'KFU!5FX%8ORE$\'D]&E51Z<'&V:VMN1Q=GS9\G!3_<
M?_N;32%SKU[A42[.!^

MT6ZEUFX@M*S@?+ [14A=BOME=^(&[UML\=B/;6-\7Y(
+_7GJ\YE4YM2AA

1#&YL 
NI]@C@FT8UZT&_V*)QBK($PH)P302_0


-9&#+C;A6&L<82I9B%F*2

M?=:**&W$

2D])(PZX6L(I(LQ*3\DC#[)9@4:@8H7JJR^Z@IP23
@CF@Z#Y
M2C )LV ZCNZ#H_22

M




!0&

N51;6MR:F4[]DSA0KLR0F)I
I*VP7



MH
@J4&05*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLDH4626*K I%5H4BJT*1
M5:'(JE!D52BR*A19%8JLD56A2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+)J%%DUBJP:15:-(JM&

M3!\CSP/     $P(   L              ( !     %]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!

:7I)'NX    K @  $0

O8V]R92YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D
MA5I






M;6Q02P$% ,4     #DA5I
E4V+^K4!  #2 P  &0              @ %C
M


M965T
W 0  T@,  !D
M     ( !.34  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q-RYX;6Q02P$% 
4


+Z?=;+8!



M3$%@C::U 0  T@

O

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #DA5I




P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .2%6DQ+Y@(IW $   $%   9


M%     @ Y(5:3!%$=Y^W 0  T@
  !D              ( !7E
  'AL+W=O


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #DA5I
ZUJ!@+8!  #2
M P  &0              @ %

S+GAM









2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #DA5I

M:&5E=#0R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .2%6DS2^WSZ. (  $L&   9





M 0(4 Q0    ( .2%6DR*#MMZ5 



M-RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #DA5I



M4$L! A0#%     @ Y(5:3#(\$EKS @  80L  !D              ( !6Y(


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #DA5I
4M\%



M Q0    ( .2%6DP+FO\-#@
  &D-   9                :NA  !X;]W






! !0


M3'=

M2P$% ,4     #DA5I

M             ( !!#

+T5?$X8H[16$XT\7O.#%Y246M'S9MT^3

M.KN9;+D?KC0\
)^^O.KU;NIG+GO33R4@RPL-1((KD_&PF#8^4UYI?BC1H?FA

MS7+?


@S+X

%3#_U!W#+PNE;0O]K*XXO?JMN:T;R+[\T




 7*WLX^%Y-TVZ3XG*CYI7@UNAA?%\]RW7?&^P=1


@9\=T4?@B!X]
MT'^P2CBO[_
4_0=['!\G16\ZG]R6)%M0[UDRQE8\?Q/XO#0U=F(_.%5/O;

[\61#

#S



MJGG3N_@


FN[XO!]:?Y

F]ZDN #<=_OF[=/@S06ZOW:CNY1?7?@^
MBBCIVH[UR\&_WY=7/6&H82G89G?%;


MG@J3 %E^W2#+)CMD=+FG=-J7+YO(^C35Z@/RXE
77D^ +Q^%O#Q99\:SO'RJ







M*R(LP^M)&B.+4D3RIG=+^

M8Q1-[%T


9]/R
M!O)CR*7=*+5BAF\GU?

BSU?[GD
CJ+GN
R=F/FV*/5R[%HE]


KXN/O6]F/OL\




KZY3NP:=Y:1SV


*2@
M;(5^T4\7GH:LJ*R#5526HB##Y6E:B@V]0


M_*/LS/
B/NZ=^


QFPW)4Y--BA1RUY;*VX/9


\F?

M




X]?/@9GRY&B5JA'KO
M(^ 5+-?XR3&+%5:*RZB1DYSZY090* ;




_YAV&TA
M3M





DY9I8NVCH'][R@6TFI*L#%)KP02
 K.3#,M!0V6B.%#0RP@,LA91LT6C[D6)=H!/
MBGNN459Q=\QSV!4,1QL$U0&!8;' 7= M7S:N.<[8 WW* .XQ5Z%P$3$@7 .
M E-IRA%XADPUX/X2D
?J!


M .@\&.T^?IX4Q7[$LQ&
-(4P8U9'@F3405;$8QS)W




M:5E\NKV[Y=WB9:7'%?[O'


MOI_#FETM;ES\)HXG2\]X6CF






ML$JK&LFV+U60^/%%Z;8L;ECZ*/[E@RONY Q83'*H*B@3G PDVF,%1U2T/C%
M;_%?RBV?J49C



MH-4U A


BTFE




$D1  @L

UT65)W4+VG


)T$=PF8 X'
MNC60YAU6G$9
)A/*5FG AK


4669:HJ;
MPCO+

MD=
)%
 K5 K
_!@HL*BJ)!?QGF:'?1CC\A!M?RC?]9_%K.J6.,@D@8+PIZ7
M5K .(!8%Y4]3 -NJ#11X+LT =L(R^$PMU;6!Z8C6



6\O/_:^[;?\8-UP[;5'6L)V3'C3
MRA*%W]C\:%9D
LH9F_0?S5:]M58\4_W;)-!J51<.(<^##&

$HG9\D!D=XCN

MP.E@5N6\+X) RQ3V=



2 K




MD1+C?+RC@_




'
M]2:IY_I50P L[3;6=IAE73#8


M
@RH\YF )IH(+KX+&NW%FU8$)275PA(!3$1QY8( JYG

MT5E:Z4N

=DE$K$P6!50L!F5YC1
MNMQ&1K0IB7_Z-AW\.AH

M*KNS4^FM%JD)8[@5'#09@_4*G+NJDEM))C:[(=Z9MJE1:2-*VZZ-Q(;*F]]
M7;PS*IW\TA P:#NI3=5]2(24M_]XT&CMT9@ZY#(90EI\L#KU'^^+AFT/IX:
MC04CFOGL\WB2NE-VLM)&BTFP)(+REGD
;6=(+)B)I&*&IJ*EI9MH-;$YG:
M#H:[E7O F18.^RBYXJ$0'VH-#

[7D:W'KVM2%



9.H-


'@OPT[$JI0I3%%/3-!




R4.B9NZ


MP#8@S1#E.O$:2#;M#'6-9.
@U@[#QR ;0QI9I[@*YJX<;R$[<!24(;UI

W3+/G)%OY@LZ@TZ6BUW

M![

M\_6J8V2G\T0VP?A&#Z[3@=XUQ 2!7J$A)0]A'S&AT55Y'DA$F_M1B*44Y7O!





D
O#UJ9$^
M*(PI
V!0@!I&+AC2-(TW956L+LJN-/XAUJ6ZD&H;TR_;J6\%4Q9I0$L&D5I)
MR=1B

M6DD%HBHP
$L146OCQ5:7A)]7I'5%FD15T4^W[2D4OEWE&


M9(-
:]E5BV


N


M!LZVDD6@.&':@T=9U?%&
%CR00ABBU9H@N5PF%L'QQ+/@=$5\FG@IJ%
L/K\

M03=@NA_\'5NTG#L.G&Z2B?%DR@Z@#/@ G8
'BE

M%J-@
6B5,P$:;#FNC?I#NO'?(=2]1C1U








(TD=JMH^.6MR::Y8A]YZ!%1IGNV1SE[W;/0-




ZN9YIZD'GS %+;N



*NT/\(.@O
M



M
;&@I:CG
I(J[. 9

M[HG&O/@X?E\

M!1-

0GG/9# MIJ_?


WJY5Z0.+*I\&QX/M'BQC!1()/G1K8

M1^+!8:4ML&(2C5?&1I]FPF
ND*L3QZ*R+5.I


M/@
7V42'A'/4(4:QDLJVTI604\#:MK=$FI5-O03?4PIJ.44J+F!UBC!''QK6
MMKV5NBVD (NAF#IP)) !O[F$U5#N-_-UUV5IXU;6]%&ZU7F&(II4J3?AWE





$Q!..8EYQOE=\'JZYVQ2#Y:^X8L817Q8)5-DA8*F(
M_!29B2


ML=

EIT
' J:VF


M1MI[+*U%QO&JB
-XOF6$W+.A3?L^\D%*PC!-)7-$@H&
JGG.*LA MG3^SDV6

M1:.U6?2K'='I?G39$?@'HTG[/DI3!8TUA@5K$&(.!U-%L[R-NGD\'L+L:=.D

P%E%(
M\S@-M5J1Z&U56J

813PB\.J

MW2(6D'RLV+8S-U=4JC3IEZ?9X5[X9'0MF=M*NV7#HSV%X*FPW;4&M)O'=:!@
M
X B





M=$A6]1*&145FRSQ?0,7K5@N&]]\*9?!A=;C \P4[X4TUG1-V4WI8_C66^X
'HS3HS .1N'*&
MD)#,-(05 6+I<Y[Q7&Z<6YY'W!/B'?7B(@@ G)<8R(I4U(03VGVUE&G+89
MWD\ XXX#Z@#&&N!,0FHTCE(:-8H)8R $U6# /2Z,Z]:)]^!MI+WTB;-YJTD

.[B
T

/X\L9J)]BX\'-

B-0^2
4&$J8=*&9NE


$
P+6+E8P@P5_



X%VO2=0\#A9'=R:2)%!6J.JXH* DY(7:%.L

MB$G24LF ;$J?M




M-3
B)0\Z

N16/):6;X+;#=$\$

5H<89!TS-A+%:F_$Y<.CF@Z.



M2
M-:JFS%)6NWRF8Q;1/:P71'8E)C TGD[#01IAK&WGH+_+8#6G&816'H?

M:G6V#E-8PG1WHS2+

':2/U1
M K.*&C!(1)6J)5)B?D




K.I?&
M;AE+!**&4.8PK28:*4QCGE%#V99UW@K0?<%O(S2V.H@+L?$HU1'?#?_3JF&
M4#+!:#


X;@#NX\1L
M!3](W$P*$[P9IM\;_D46XB)3H]*7^Q]PQI2LE#*MC$VEH@&D3)VZX$AVP$R


R
^N_+N
(^GN#:*-T0P!.T#JESBC
3SL%Y/I(J-[/])I!1YUBI8X@C@#.9]JT)?'E@&(F;D*/#4
MVP9G(T#W [Z-R
: %8 \ 9HZK+T)@E;IY +)D'F*BBF^H6(/!-ZU#'!NR3MP




?B\EU_?;U)A^OQZ
KT#?7*5[Q\?9FO=_'*G3Y$.%7

'I65-EF(&
M)%LGS/$)ZE+J3621&8O!;Z46(YX(RD&$2YXG$V'TY CYOO@R'GY);UO_UJE8


NJ=CC9)@SP0
ML6@I\WB066,G<(MA42+V7 7P/BBQ=Y55\-_)D)$G0(8C$2R@X#43@3O*K,*5
M#RTMR[.=%TU9'@\RZ_UXB%%2$:$%92)ET\B[/8/R8HR$#&9[(W.054AM.3TR
M,JF#T;CC:D\!65X$Z'%=C(W&5V[ C_H-L!%%AJ:LP(40(BS'V%8,9N5
MX+-
2!X%P.T45-(J@$@X(KP5@@5G=+7OJ/-Y9ZI[ !A[@TD*(A;M(J6^S=[6

MFQQ$+CBK$2G3('+%YNE?(T$.H)A\&A23C#
624 8&Q)2\WI95_TZHC-+BFJ^


\

MQ
'K299AE9LE\KIVPK



8Y









S%P]_V] :LMFW*Z5/)

M7L?#KJ


D%M&H5=



M4B8R:2AFG%%0) O ' L@M7/ !#G64K9WGV(Z *]K*P


MIIQDYL8](#OMYJ88-HLBE'D3I
8F%2%4BAL\YH9. 7N@5PX23&G.-^-)60;[



L13]G3TP6H1
MM-1R:3P%;W#NY*8SPQ
 V;IS FQN+['T-!!AK% .+-$22MIS/U**11&IPR


M+ 6UPLI8UPYXXK(33*'8%GVU$W 'H/5J%
?SR;^*WF3/VA/E4TUG(*E^FB!G
MC-15I0[STC3
+B
'H;8X$'H??P\*8H#\(N*@=11J00_Y8TBKU3=IIXE-L:




F49TX@UG


M6X.Z5]GO;@2  B:\X7'W=-L[L9].H$FHA35%:@BRV]I??S(+!'@![P0I4H(G


D-V/2*QBC].'=)AG

M %F_-5;M&CWCYG1ZX.\HI4I;CN@-LZ&%OJU7H [2IPOPRHT].D:=C
%+ 5[H

MS.%!QJOI5;R $N-X3S^FH?98I*FT813$L94V#GQ1'SU\5N[ 6S^
QL[8+TTQ

L^VVET-@22T?N#[DNK0

YE;Y


MK9E8AIW1VXC=4J_9D]YMS+56

MN5/@6% %8F









I![^%&.*S&ZG25VL&
MQ9Z;&^H*A$3X

MLFIJ@?3\^L#S!6*WD'$TM;OP=P6-N(QMS+P@)H&(C8QPWBQ!))J8U*BM3SPY

M\*:Z#JV



M)F)&

M#CMFGNGD);R_K]RMP^X[7& B Q:(L0!
?VP#*J+0


M
OJMW^9H&OE8!]J?QWYO7].LW%ZLB?R?]BPJ@ 7#^+01YL&5EIWU]C-VHC



C$-006T*.LHH5J%M'SYQ:AMBXF4'T 228V2$961!H6H@(R8
M7



M

M.R\[B+2G).O/3D;\87^A9_NH$]X(


M\GW?
ANH@&@OCFI:L&&I

VPARV



'

SHE?&



YD$HR_+*JP7_@



M]3;Z5G).H'M-1\

M/9E /F@4(E'1&ME5505RCQ9OXD-%E=P)YT-;6:K:.&I+4*FX\C(2ELAZ@B





M%S@^46
I4\8TR;OM^-J<




M!B9&@'H*BZ9AX




\J!9]*679$2;2




W?GU(AK-;
MUA6WZ?9).W_-/R0CK/1Q@O@\Y'+^-S:?[\O

M&UW-G0U#$^T8-71!=MST+OP&/

$QM=-

[:H.8WQE@9=R2#R



MP+4D6I*WNQ6J:4T(!.

8M



SPL<=NT
MCQ
P!SLZ_N\D5#:9AA
M/%2AH3%(H*^PM7&FN9:+M;)W1R&_/C
+EU?UXDRLJ_ B$U7D^;XTPI(8F*8@
MY)

9+013W-#3*QK\I(D6ADJ0508^ PR2PJVKYIKPH1BZYGH






2U]Y006V80.^3O(0L(BH)KKO-ZWA3 Q:J;66\+
?
MP

IM;C3382[AZWL#
Q
\Z53) BQ
MQ]DPSWH;BOT[)N$J:6/P322P.O8CRT



K&[C
[;QQM:9#7Z$)\3I100GM8?BK/


$O6_B'RG7L-8:P!C7\


-1C^WS-]Z.+#(7X%(=UH$/*)X%R.
K2C/AGVN-U^F

:
]YLQ&B#3F+/E5T%

M88& [

A5[&






M!ES9[*I6[B\4O:GIY/W]0LZT$_/WTR29.$]3W!- -S0:8N:P)-SP\N-HN-?X








M 1WCFL7$8N/M\VI_19$(V\X@^A)Q1*V!?PN

MAP3[Y$9?QLGC?

M2E.;
%^
RZBM:3=9M94\C ;]=)P7&U/O*N

M9


W$R#5)VX67=Z=-![%Q-10<.LQD=K3%?J5AB77*KWOA!+\


! 7%F:#U_*FOF@LFE#


M9FC


M/GRM^QM*$_M&0
0L?'!Z$K:4P_6Q^((%Q:9RC5RTOP@8;2


V45OI8=Y'?.U13X&O



61I&X=Q(0]TQ(4R -[
M+\







16!E8



M@XD

M00 J82.J21LQJ9WP48_N)=





MR'

M0U)!8FDXD65; B?




M=

L=!#=1@'$0U)-6(G

!_I\GXP%*NIR)C8D)CRIDOJ0RE+E-Y
M3X6L9KJ.66F-Q#
N]
75-O!M!#8NXMA2Y0G!(7

IIBRB@BK?
M5T9%.@A!,4T@"V1,A3HJ;]VQIG1'E=<+$R\.Y#(1M<G_T[^OGE]G@Q=VX;&
M$192Q/S*F]]2


MY%GOT.@
Y#&4)N(DCH7'I/1)B8RK#
2?ZR8V$R.

X4=
M77CQA]H@\

MLCS797%MRB-DM]9=8&W;+:Q@8VCR$)D;;PX\G3(OJ;)V3#OG$N(-R^AK5M
MLY88H







5)UDL&
V$LU/C')65$EBUJVN+O
M
[5??*E0A;WXO*#^6ZSW*09RO?/YOH]Z.
X[V1#



/
H6?DYZOW\90R[0

)1+-K([VOAU)\:

5Z'H#F5FEMO-Y-)SF.^J)&P)MNBG0/I9;!\3
9] ?TB6F
2?]



M



MYI 


M^^XND*8Y \@1?@?!%C\F@R0P,/%P0::4!T3:ZD?11Y501Q5P]AQ:MRYQ6'%
MM.+-YS-+/+


)H=J_E[JO*3_HT?X&B=^^#GX(MC_=-A;







ZW

J\5KE:X6N%Z&\)U6_+3@CUL;A.(

]?:V5;*UD:R5;




HC?(;[WKO./Q!5Z
MTD(R!
M@/1K

M77S:YW1^4P




L T8& Q25D\JX+XHR8&JX?S/0/G?8!WP
MIJQ;
'3./T?(*R7%MX4]JI::_T=SF0LKW&[1





M@-3G/IM\&3#_!\9S\.110P:B(9*



M_!2-W*)9R\HX1!V(EW^F.6_A^.TGTWPIST44!,9$.69D$$.RFD8A0J%%!R






MDN87Z;MIO!UVSN
^\+CHO




MH281\U4LCO&I6M7UV@%


M[


M/$\GJX\K!AHBD3.Z1^/E;P&CAZ3\?/=W3=.I\&:?\+7M;#:SD#O$XW+@;D
MX44L'%6*5RKW9EVA=NZ&8\F_&:DCG)



M%#]
D
:*P9[S689_?Q3\/[CPML;609IC%_+JB&O!B\4]%S(6ES6:&\S3

W[#8IF#N[3G]#4G@)IM
S
+U( +/2U
QF.[@Y#57$A?%Z
9RK

A/EDK
GS4_' XF%YB@/8YX
 %X
Z_((^/C

MIC;NI/_$4?A-9;]H&QK*%J^.(F#6]]GR7E73[O.R_C










M;./T:Y9^V[2958&I/*!R
P[G

MK%K2Z4-DT
/(&(W60CTHUN$]7*3FPJ=7'LDX,Q#7G*K+'


S_C7I
30][WQ8G_K*2PX0$N
D[_*.8@;7=BSEA4
JJMD(1[^?GG<%/TBX:=V9_=

MD(
%P2IOZPE&VRK:-ACO
0!]&K=;7:PG
\N
M1

A[(CO$0-(?/E;BSF!5#EH0-RWA(ZDY6D_O[;/Q85+$73JGA




!7!&Z8./UQ1TZ/3\2JP'1[K/
MES0;03W;YDVDS YD;L$A'3I!?L-D^*7A\=6?W]]O0KCYA+!#KKS^82:W!T&I
M
F.%(ARLD E)))@*9SA2
O)][;^N(?
%W%%Q%K'(S^



MU-L37:/T!6+BUEL
3=S1GD^?%F7NQ34^5D





%

M
^E87/PL^[E6BW#)2*81-[N 3SPN?&9-(A:5V-FT*O+-9R6$X\&
6^#BAQ^$



[VVB'+US?VMH;DQ0Z/KLSI;0]
:

?QI0YF;OES^1+8*[YW-N7/?=GMX(AUON_C
M.+6QPT2;P3OFW1D\G)MG]Y3.9OOCD
3DS^U$NY
FVAGUU.!$.];
1#MZZC Q








V



T'$G3%-+?RMY ZM%;@V




V@J-\5U-HNUT'+QR.'D%=





9ER/G)J#.:CCM/X]'7


.


)B]Y]^_\[YS

MAQ^$DO

F)%_2CL-2Z]ADDG;B
M)!MW_@O/#%MQ;%X<6_/8FL=KDL?6/)[=/+9WAHX8+=%))K4#R-/[^1IG[FU,
MEA



.UP*^V/_).\$H&??Q99N-T]YD!.^!_Z;95WA.TKF?#@;/[[X6#?\.
M%1/?6N/8

QK^GDR6E
M6K _\/A'^-0


AKI6KRTSIN46WC

M7&O\NR__;KY71W2I:&Y4QLY.G;?0D+/78?FZG__O7Z;YNR])\O2#S7(\KIF.

$##I


M527_^


M+A6R2VB;(K4JUJK8F52
2=;U=&





M0]

7HN1;8U

[M$:@-0*M$7B51HW1NUIEM+%!#]M R1^\Z]TI P%;_^_^R]
M:9/CN+$N_-G^%8AZ/?=V1[ T7+3V+!&UGM.^XYEV=_DX_!%%0B6Z*5+F4LOY
8_/8<N.9D_YTEJ3]\T2H'[D:78&/P<.7

TAGY

M+H^%*^!K0$_IRPE_4=]$Z0BWJ+(XAMM8X/-[/_!37\ (GA@*^-J33H\($^GU







 $B5#2

BW+?PV&*!9UFJV]8QD
G40MPTN$5CO1
MQ:3';88WV!

MF(@Q=CZA/YX:.0ACN(:3\$KP ^L7L ' H-3XR59S:)$C^=F93XY1C@^)*+
M]
4KE+7X!
-AUJ+:!X
_ !<F
M3(0(Q4)P

M$3IP7D!QP;
P+!=E

M$H91X:]9Y%'- @:?BY
\NV*6?P2TP#W4 +?!YGKQQB5:+%OHR@+//D4@1$Z
MH&[^KF'I.K)DJFD

M?13'T9-

V5JCCK^P?7?/N

L9#'P3\3TEJ;XGCL&Q)
MY1X6+I

W50Z6&'*G+TR#%TFP0)2ND
8YABN+#C#%=(KQ


Y%L9]\?UL;+N86O)DV4
XO^R5[1U_GEVX27K!
ME=WOW%YU[*M+J]\W;[M.[RI/+^C:5[TKLUGI!8I8#*BU97#_G1D?)JOED*$



=


M+

S%CO+36)-':RIK:04L2:Q







15OHE05

]

/64*RU_.YD6)UFV([.

:.M+X)-9]WH

MN2;H6U*KIWKNQ[*



HU@47Z;\622

H .V2O%V'X%#OI'T!7LF_

?JDGR+(V*+Y0E(K]Y\KUT]*DS
MZ






MHUR8*G)A2
HT7
JOEDE:K?[5



Z:PF<
M\%G\_D3?6?R!EJ/XCCE81VR_<0ZZU]MQ &O7H^[WD]OL/D;'.F9GX/;M-/I
M]NDP.QUF/QS[O=L$GLY/TF%V8FIB:CK
3GS; +ZEP^QU9.Q3/QQ*?$5\17QU

Z+9/MASY'F=
Z@^D/NN1_
MC5!9.Z^
X$?P(_@1_ A^QPJ_4S\K+$LJS1W:

HH-Y4(




]\)XZ#$_35B2

1I%EL?&;
M( (T&?+/813#ZX;LWUGL)YXOB_(DK2.BUV?UVJK[.6 VBQ.!.0_W60*32Q)#
M_EQ0U)?$_+=P4VSW+IYA_%=:;I_06KW!G/TE$$C_-S^O$$QRLZ[C%LM(?=




M%)9_CJ

0R


M'_*OCT%O'AJZ![9KUSRT?X0H-DQ;W[[2FN0A1-=92Q\JE*:IA&X51U=HCWT-

M.0X05QXD;$YPHJ


G;4O%7<1SS!:(EKL%JP;C!4L$&:;

?3BYYMIY%:Y2^BA*$E^&M$2:!F(
6D9ZW(EX

9?JQ$QB\8@5
MP^#BU2IOS%^8ESO_6*2L&LFG&:A8?PFC$T\B -*

MPJIM

11Q





#E7



H_B)QQ[U3%A-0$=?
M?D[C;3CRCL@[VB#N8&HSZQJ/K)/WCFZC6

A-6L4N?Z3P

M#K&EV]X587.

]&:W9*17

M4;2ZK*@%:P
=USO9=VE)W6(#


J7D
M%G(XZZN;3P7PMF-T!Q8!_J@
@=H8XOF6W^#@.W[UWU^H$ZF(JXBK: /K4)OQ

-N:]D%V)EBS
MPTCD+NJVA4C$'1JQ1R'B+

MH3B?YKZ:/V@EC_;)E=;RWUF2^L

M745A*%R ;99JGFZ[U=


%I!*?3.+H

S%_5:?:T4
M



GG=JT&B:KBR

AU]Z'G\
XNE!2#WI1F'B
M@Z$/$F D




(17EZ_XC]:W5J$&0#P2)^K*7@]GGI!MYY[0%U@D

MT1
AAF/7Y@2L'TC'V<</?*I#7 -VA;6S,4W]Q^5
M@OX21\6SKJ=/+5/J^LO%=9E,[SW3$Z3O1ER<#QX?B$4LA FY:=ER:'.Y^&]
M

M
4ES7NHI7IH7&RCK8FFW6_1$BO,F)=5?KZ11S3@46,?67%J8LQNG8DQM&0]
M=@^CW4=9JLDTZ+3:6DV#W$+F'H);FE9(HWLAPH)!)9F1/,C/8:)62AJ&,&@$
MBQIBV'@5L13C[7:DI&G!/F@Y07 5OI!RT ?%UE%6L-!%'U'SDLEP[C9.$-A


M0I4A[_=#8$+D

M?M7 6=ZQ8HMA?9*

R _CAJ]GGE[JA]P84$)$TD0NK=E\Y)RT#/VDE)O%MI;&I8:
MH;GQ3B2'J\7/6]


^I4&46I'+G
M



M\F/*![S8YER\)KI@




M5';B[H@/W

MJZ%@RGL'M4ZB
0$=8ZOB&!O)+I)=R^_K]@RK7WVK[).071JLL8:98?^
XN_H

6_/7IL/GJTRHX600G<LMTG33&%@T[<Q-5


MLYI7!:WH9$HUDWWG5



\Y)R-)[)L5%[Y)#]B[XDQSCP_F8W5^]PT

M4KF




N9M7





M






2^!-P'&88R$*@OR6*P_P9AG ;X





M%+A2J5=AF\!!ED ,Y2__M,/X&J$=O[%);.6WRXC87PHG&^6OB-U)@\8/^#
MK53]$)OH7?LVW.%+8_LCB?8MXP*Y^O!^:
ZH0LCY4 J^*AK!DU;Z?IX'G;



M%







^?_EC3H:@
MA!B!#29AJS3QC!U:[&:E!
#'@Z+3=
S'Z1L#LVLL*R6]%6_/WFF.O7/'%HB
M9@

5Z

!F!9]:/9!5D\*$AV%

M_$0O0O:=US/7





*9H*UFR+QI5'++J2J:<B^-T%VW@IPBD4$'(PJ1+WK-QKT2<





O+J




A=B;R*(;+(
L<H.%C)?3D%9L$V:D:]9




M6!]9;HY3TN5HR7T#R3
SV321VE+QO!O%7EDT(;O#8*#*7? SYI9\6IX/_BXJ



M$=P9GS6#/SZ7TJ)P$V)JVOD+IEWG'\HF5=?2E12AGYVGP_X#+]37!
ORR6


8184JRUC$1^R?





M(5QDWR=EE[3D)2O@,F/1#!A69('YV80G6K]!/@99Z$,&DKE$TL@T%&;K@9


MS N+**?_0A@CA;46JIHV

_9+;
MY--WS4W)(G SI3HX)&@$SGD.P8N* ;BCW+B+!68.YR^%+G6NJ85GL&CQYFFJ


!5C



]?YO3<IE@K&^0&\V*X*41



?\^OD14*YGO!Z/DKR=)F%C#OP(ITI
&:*=A4
M+C1@/ HDFV&N.)[C4/?A4JX8?[K3C4HA#YN

MV?\C?UK)B9Z][U1W2U9#9O5S^.1;*2^E@M:YQ:$L5=E9!KYRJ'_:O^%*ULG
MEUVY2:VBU2K[IQS$7K99XY=06EZ:F4%:B-TP[
MAWD/?#!OB
[LD++QN8P+








Z]Z+:6A.F7 KH2JIHB306
 4O7RY
-:PN/4BP3W;?7EC
MLV7I_J=RD6=#O18(;V![MOWHYA&-E6B7()^CR:D _7=


'IZ*Z.GN0BP'?/C)_95X#E

YEIFZJK.(;<BFLS.DJUWL









M0H:$# D9RN++[_L;=T=^*.*7^1#7-F9VPTYOV(;3UY93U!2XD-MYJGAH#PRS
MIVTCMBEX(

GP




Q2?)16P.GO4VL

MX+)@6:!HFQ$-31

MJ6H996D[BP-RV]*.!P?F

M1Q^^ZRR&)S)8.L=@_PTOD@92HL/__LIA#6)VA3WY7@SV-S])(KB:?3A3OYQ]
M9+*U!X#6#]
([F'\(18R

MEP?0%-@3








/UP



N)ZM.
MI_[2DP?KI[JK&75A9=Y-J5J:]:7NMW:\O7?0Q]NG]/);'2BOU2&'79+VY


E1JY7UV^=OR/;UMS.QF%8OHV(;3UU:8N2EP

O\L
/]

O_(&R)O2
&A



MYOH_0IZI)EE3HK(I5=DU3_F;7+##NU71API;ZF;3-TJR

MV/7Z/^IU96\JV;SX]6MN\WS9Q@[[#\
CRTUSM0RNK66]II:&VKKD+JW[O]64



M']+?2RRW@)FV_[B..*XM3A.6Z2.(XX;BV.TW:JB3B..&XMCEM[M^I(C+M]




9K3)'5G4CBF90PZ^HZ6
MUGWI\3Y*RJN3
4!2IOE2QAZTC;Y#4H:D#$D9DC*5V3)MT^BWJ7TH21F2
B1E
M*I











MK!IGK3:1C9%TH3X-8)CZ(
VI(


MM:
/\0_Q#_$/\0_Q3PWI0TD%;]023WBP4?J WKS-VL=(Z63H]#Z[-S#ZCK:\

& [)E2

!YZC'MC/_23%-/L'@43SQ
1)IK/FS?N


I3CFP2NEU85W2 B0$ A0$+@)(4 -5 E(4!X,2%
M0)^$P*[!@QH%Z_;1+;;*N (5,&I^ 2.=[D?MU[UJDZ1&LN=(;!42,2<A8K39
M-;5?=Q(Q)&)(Q!QS_*3VZTXBAD0,B9@#B!AM2?:U7_?]AVV:%9U1.1^JFZ'P
M&(<7Y@]A67T5E8ZRB





6^-]9DOK#


M[H$S8+K

G


4?

NM*
M3[/5T3RU5
_

MP


++7D#6^SS4(X^+-07CG/QQ\7G_
$0A4?Y@F0D7X4PV!&::KJ
M??WQA/LQS@





@3:UWA3HD*-[JGAH




)G'T
M+/

MVI*CZT94G?FJ9:H5+ O0Q

MZ'0D$E$:

4WT1F%0E0D_7
M
E8LP92


1


MW&H$@A\/Y



54KS.NQ1A)GX*MSH(90FYN8%E^P;
MNW<Y&'0Z/7O0O;'-^NJ*+ATU7/:@\HU6.6']26-BH/Z<G&2(K8]C6K+
U1*
MA:59'


:R_F2Q9[D@*F?!EA3!NG

M+HA5R9



MKL)@- 0FEVP01]G#2%JE48:
'CW$?#R/]IR]U4P6H!Q[^588OLK\2R.'R8A9


0X5QJ##.

;@XO=LT
M

T:



M*I)12



UA:
M!
NZA .;47IDVGM@FBZH%9WU.
E2 0[-MF&9^K((WJ%/4S!'894]:;RC U07
IVV
M7'^CH#$[=1^Z1E]?7N6[=)EQ274G&+0STB:5J6@+O;( :..P-S<@;[89]
W


MV13]2'@B/*W0:Y9MF+W=DTDJ4VQ'I[NJBL\ZW688J=M8I.ORW))6\EN9H8=L
M/U^7M+O$7:7$M-5T+&-+N!T1M45+YM$X+N@^MJ;Z)0B(W$(XG'.HG'7M?H


(O?[
MKW_^T\^+PUR+^U?7 8%#I.)7



@SGQ


V#2+3YOONIC'C_XH9HDS]*H^$(I=_G-D^^E

5$;Z[+6R.DB9GN/V=8.+&\EVL4#ZAT

MKRM/^2JM\+^S)/6'+UHA
4NGPYPNK]Q4ADOZ
1YZ+)A1D#V)6




OH]*L_FM$4Z)%3

I=
MQ'VBMK[:]H-E]'J[V[7[A_11%/VNJ
%' QU7U;-C2=UB S
@R7G=B;A]P^EJ


60
ME6Y20W9E$O_)_



M0/H[.:MOO6&)C[%[FHA7OG-IE#DAC\Z('

99&Q1=*)LAOGGPO'<'50(A<

6SE)_=7VW4



:N*AQ(P;Q]NKX
7-X_%[YDYT'$CR$;/M
5E9$C7;2J]R5P_0A/W2C


*UJ'GJL%:V(



MH*GNUMP





\V!.


%-KR](C





JH]$$)+G,P+$=;?SY6.B%/1G2A0:M34F
M!B8&)H8C(P9VN:VM7

MW#I2FM.16

M:@0[+4Z54-BMS43!1




M&-4OX=ES\*L 3/K]#SUST*F^0=-KH
S!DTA.6#JDW&J;Q(=LHVM'[&I)CWQ]

!<)9+8ET/G_#432?1&X2K/4]#.!2_#Z0QVB&DM
MX20=T_[6#^/XG7%+)U\:[&ZXIY@HLLS!VG6QXGGCG2'?8VY([:C)WEDL&WJ

MSE9U+
QEF
CDF-28U);2=2<TS;8JEVR#[T
M-;)C*R];2^L)5E075(#NBK:N%W1!B5;1]_/R!FVS;:S?TOEC8O@3KKE$7O_
MJO#^
7]D_E@9?[1ZYL#:OZL@\T?FCZ?!'YD%-C&^TC7;&GJG[LWECH61:6V#

M.!P/K











M
6XCC-
62&&

M&7;
09NY#'
9YC+


$\VGB:YM#KK[#R(_
IK@

!+'F9EY5^) .2GJ]


M37;TU'7J :%/

-LV





M+7TS#.MRBNS$K%S8
ODS^3/Y


:9C3

M16^HS:/$=

RA
.SZ6Z4/Z,W;K+V/
MEM#L_N<_M <M+7E?=?^Z/=UCW



MVW3:W&M[R_=DH7O4--$WVQ97#C)-
$UD--$&.:&O_HAI@FGB&C-H=MIHF]
P^SHX][#DAYLL\_!(*8'

O
M61T$T_%1%PX9ZC!U


4PBSD B]&6

M]@G+X&

%
TGBJ[=





M

MAQ$@Q+^(R9_??+AR++O_]\X_OUZ]
;PQ?.&.DK-^Q^H-KSK=\_-S^/]K^_R#
MT[^X:/?.V[V.=7X^?/.7A1
LGL97;RIBXP_Q:'P)I^YZ

M[5@___H
1M@[8D1VW]=[84Q'Q@1T*8!\#02^:U-L]2:]/-X6?

M16Z0Q(8'OXGQ^V=Q:


M[M]W^S;F%8316$3(.WQW%HOWZ1]+&)!O/%K%P6UG)6?=W-\B-^6T!YL(M94

?^Z6F
I+1*5  ZS/BT/?&
MQG]9]*]J9?(%
;.E'*6/4F+^_ECN= '$) H2I] U8H- 8)IO(.6Q?BW_ZU


WRYB!V!7!K&JP8KQBO&*\8KQH!JYV$8X5!0UM?

%TP73!?L
M;J_-\2T#2RL0Z_\O:'1;UD66WKL


IFZ!S=E9T[F3;UV'#;JTM:[K:&I=U]E$
M##W3-:S?WW.!?3?0W?/^??NN]?9=X-  Z._;..[0+]X$VQH[Y&#6RG9=GO<
M-P^4C6VFFC!J


MV^J9/6O(-




M


M(0GU3F^L].ZY ,7=U,1)%_$+(1C^X^ ]Q'3_*_VWBYK4OKLG/I=*_/K]K#
MZVZ_VW&&TLO=[]GG5KMR+W?%+NQ/
Q&Y CEA+#3
$$O


CS'8T%B


5X*R]&6@I%H&=\2S_?^


M; +
NKE8S+HYCR(WN!.XU





H@\:XELJS
M




IPE\IM]R

]
C#6#O\V]WF_(A!K#[A3;Z5 V9_ZQI8UVB1I#]KF


M[H&S)S!.VSQAYEP;DJFOL=$D-F%W6T-M Q5.Q79@+E W^#39$F!LXAB&7KV^
M1K9EM3&


:45Z]F!B'+RI%JR9P
M(MMJ]=N50^14;!#F-

UT
?MRL;U3:)KRFBQ


'8AS\OPSA9F%&\
[UFN.!O[7/$Z\R9-6DD!15-[
M[Q6H YQ@D-P1_Y\+(Q(^#0[.KGWHO'9S(V2)\-W;\/(-.#LQ'TXCRD.C$O$








($S0)_%[


M 4!S/T$Y



=O^I9?PO*ADQ


N5BBRIOME#QF(\EZ[$EO%Q4:T&)C?V4KND
M_)Q'8*KXL+%(4%$&\T68A:W*]_6F

MI



MP+R8/]6N5

L9!#9::XU72)\C5
7%^/BE9))U6VS3=HJWK\QGO7
M






I)I^Y36@Y2+!I)7VZ/;A5-5V4/T^HI

M$3_RI I/+1*FV#_@_Q29&%?/_:Z*ED;A78#UJK+S2PP:-(+@#


;W)ED[A+1S0JPJ*^+WV/1F-L?&+OEKT5I:Y$Q;2D9-
BO;:AQ.

M-J6JQ.6*]F*?S.Q2=R3K

MC_=+W4
LG.1_?I@U%[#L)$UE2/$/=1]P;26KE%X@Q 06*L-HA_3!;UD0 [



Q(H8%\(V#27
M\1O2;.[#1Z0;+.8GO@() 1IJKIDH03'SA2Q:I-&6P+:AG?$L_W_D_U4D-7
M*


-TVE&['(@@+?=WA)%69

O-CV7P6A_I:4FU;75



NJI










;;O[^&]J0.U?936]5?W1YV+[M
1
MH&EE5ZGF+(O(JGJ.XG#Q)V


M_YX+.94PD4X2F:


BY%A6,)M)+1M^
M)L H_XV295(+\O)X?DC%=FG1!&$J0Z=KIS7
\F
'=AOXJ-*C0Q(R%GUF#6S

Q$O6-B]XA6R'D



))9+?0*=!

J;;
MJ7%E#&Q.=V4

MWD+'^5?HO?PQ


/\(6_7J&'3



GJKJQS
MD5EJ0!
5G&RIQ:O/
7L8I/Z=HL0+./UQ!4Y;PS).%[SC9^0V+\51C+=?PYDW
M









0WFJ 2)(?6MH








R4GU;

M.V]'L1I7LIB@1!E



K30L=5([P%
D\U(@7_)3=&(JA+$9FV:N0%R+ 1)1 K
MX^06($^GE
&RK'22T:GRMD@GS]Y5J9*IXR:#.A@DL@%-P7*065_8C4@I=U':


MM0^/=





I/$86Q)@Z6%*(

DKD#5R-'7MH:2;:I*[L9%*\G&EC48''B




MU7UXE&O63]4E$@II'Z$UB@2:5%[LWMVANE



K*B7ID
JGS/;-+$:4


LSP9:5\4]I

MO7N/?0






^&P#3O!? .F=1
M6O^!'IM.8&5P%SJ







MQ0OI;ZL2[L%Z0[=


2Y;Z93]CD:%4
M
-'*T=R?IZ!L%GFW


M*I= E1S ZVBG+B-PN\B^F]Y)B !Y91A:=LN^KH5#JYE%RAT)W/,8%4LCAF



4.R:2I:TK-YI
M.5K6.4M4+E0(M!3Y<YF+Y?\J#D0G=IED4C
%X7X5!)'&AZGZM:K82GS

MLMM0EEQ9@E1X.^QE0&EU;K&! 7(:?.LTYR+?


ME%A




Y#;:X1USF(G(?PG0?
MEV$T*]^O?@!&4NYG5NQ[@4LN[MA

10DN78



M#Y-NG-5/\[)N?@L/BPO:%MXK54Y9/B]]!N1Q'Z=*;JKISV:1Z\59VHTR9:^$
MCWFU.$[A\5U&G8#0.#97%.B2[E*5-P+/10_N=0#Y-.47%!5Z\J=*[H5?.F@
M!G:DZ-KOI:S++Q3%*V+

MS01A.J=:[?&Y)ZQ*5E
HF]+S0MUDVOU@\=G2XT29=MD$(UE[2A.)%C:ZM@$N



M6S]IYJV
6HL?JE]H&O;
+J#8+$;+5$/9E%NF?A(UU^;=^YV9T8)+;E#VR(U(



BDOE




%,D2M=%<%_ ]*DV_M[O(<.-W








:\AE@5W17P&

R/'O



:9C3
*=9?5\Z4M.IGMR8





!)&$V]Y
EX]))[PQV- 
UQ7 =.VH([

MB;S5]]Q;SP=D4DN-


;^_GX1A$H2)^ T^&#_HJRA$U+I/DMG[7WYY?'QL


*4 !0MOKK%P O(D40(BDGTBX]DYG(!

MZAUU6P 1A[J83






EJNU$F7BJ3*Q]VH'





H#AN0?6@N@'DCK





M=/W7AE4Z$Q3-6YJ[FB]\ND+H'2)2K1C[D)1&PB1J;1+'OYB:1*0&1'J 5M1P
MIV%18-UN[B^!=3=V$$I)E=AB&PU=BJ6(&5L8Y_
3%6 3#-8ZUKB-EG* /^





M$1FP: =43)]0.I^NDG9LV@9$2L-]4RO+RKQMI#R0EH:*@K\H]!TLH]/=
;








MI@';#
4W+NO !B_?+=0/

MG^Z+^ KME@

EN& W2'J!&6'-^E



P\M0(T^V9JL_'L6R%DP1


X8
Y
G<WO.)+S")^K?W4H7@F(2O]2?IXK#

MR090]/YJM#
@U7M:,3Z&:0XM083/X+.?.RE)%O6HD
M)$N7 YW4*2M;A@,^3F4T.WMNRI[E\!@K;6\XULRM,-JS_^XE%M[M&?9/R%_

$%     @ Y(5:3.D6
MIO!1(P  QW0! !4   !B=69F+3(P

C








M?M:?3!=Q9D?CZ0&B/2@YF(1OZ_'(C^(A(CXL.IB



4#]@_FP'
[_70YKK_N-0Y;


GX8:5H.VHYB
MP\C6;OBVE^I)LGKR\4-LKBZBV^E?KWNV?RG:CMOF(OW+U'*\-I;H1Z(WLT^Q
M.9^#$3B9W;'\=HFUH]B@LFWXN.48=ZITT'ZU(T2KPOW(;8.F&NSZ^Q +Q;




M/?;RD$B G04'EF\?I%N4[TG:N9O&W^=@T;SXTL;SW_3\
-*TA6Q[L6%D:_GV

?Y^#D1.;\?7E:&(G?F3'%W9F=XG8LG@165L.^'ZU%)&\
M'1WVJF2CW-Z._7R\F(%?P=^KQ[.4!X?B+MN*?\SB)
0P5&MK!^:VT=SD3:/C


JYC

^N\N2V97+H4&N5

*QG
J:OC8NRI3P#^W:K]L:N0/VDO





MK0-!W 2'8L#&1N]5\NK4'8]#AN?APE]'4$JIQWS



M)$DYL E9\NS4O;/^1KPC-*4&^FT3/]M16(5.P;2UV
EH:QNT*%U1:GB4P&KE





4&_LXI]!8C__CI*DGBDH'WPC
KD+
*O$IA





@\2(Q7S(5G$&MK\(
MGIY\B




$@Y;':GR6G38(2CC
:<:=CV!*@A-*I!/(<)<084)I;#TW







M-T)\RQYW&E[[RQ;)1\\C%!DM$ \&*P QEVB+!@9 I68MY/@N C6-F=QWG#

+\@?@
MT !@'F%A&U#R
89I7K
_8#K:44

MHIE^ $(-A^F13:C;R*PN)M2:2JH070ZGT
ACAI&2X%589O*)#(8)F*HBN XK

5#9Y'U-)I)/P6
MJ$.):6FL-XJ;#D;X42/#.P_LX\CP_E \V*=_%S^OILEZT?;+R2PV







MC1%. I-(C1?^Y!/)%%O&&1C9(Z47N9O*XQPJ?A]6R:7R.-D/;=?;QG2.+

3(QD1%I8AK''4GGOI0ZM%T\&6D+_E2=J^2OSM
MN4IRXF!6=N 4.(9HQ!%II@TB7(B46-)=TAJ5B@%2%]C]GC=MQ-2I31/Q^QE
MK?)M42NC4HLP2? E)4D:$0]*'FN1@N;&*WWZ



/=3X7



EM#-KN+%R-)J/I+$]V7^+J%/ZV][Y5!14U-G:.*+<V1P


G^
K^=7+C9OTL5H/

MSPY1@Y)B+(?$8Y2
=I3IJ$R[A:RBN#SJQG
['?G]45E?3Z5EE




6#R+1JEF]MN$ S5ZN#(7MI1L[BR]I?%
M';;W)ZU2[0V/[=IF!P?WCD=8II6;9

!<45Y9XBHG1



N4I%41+(COP

!W5PY
]/UB3ARW% WQN[=7)54-%$&BT0 =$4R\%]@




%U.

M;_3H':VC\2'O2Z'8SRNO^;4]_N0XW'IGI(C=8

AYC7&*
M
5]D??(1B


50A0Q



MR&AJ$;.22I

^


T)PS0H*YC%!AWV(
HH\9.B)P]XGQ*K'Q=9]V6;]MTXQ:'6@^M

]C8$\:GQ
2+97\ O;_/[7B4




 908QAJW!
M.B^*=+CDHDQ
Q@DQ=W#T#X[R:6O$S&=3.PG_4[LIF-)URA6]C8U?OZ'64\T5










MU0Y


MF:Z]WK15N2HDF.%@FD
A
M);!QKTWR(K&Y#R^^Z&EH;RQ8(6QPQA[\/828AK\
T5Y1P%FTR2C(G@3CY3


T6=7-5CA_UY\?DA*S+Z:
MJ(001/-L_(/N0%S_)X\V($ (E7!

M^0V'[U_7DR\PK#$L1_-#O;RK_M[A_-?U[%]Q]N[V4.JBUV\^+TYQ;U&D1=JO
M%=4,^X1M4(CE5VU&&50H*IHDRTW!]T.?.FY %K.N5V=.K^5[/K37W)(5D?

XO/N\


77P8^P_NPJ?*=&YS3OT[L/

MJL1._
B.+^S

M#:^?A5+*7]:_W3VZR-]Z
+P4_O)_?WW_:0W)S_E\L4SGD^P/__XO/_VT0:XL


2
MS!=A$IC&-5*GLSBA?[K-LF4-H8XT[%Z^3V%*R(_KJ[-;1JXL7@W_W2;EMEM
M

KF

MCNWOCLE[RCNZD=JEY3Q

M=219:%X\9)G.YF%*7'X(D_]QN0ZTZ4^JNCP[WK0_&6OJ]6C+;B3T:5[^)0V_
M^35+%ZMR


_U&*1K6W_]WGZ)9_ER_K.3N
7=MX?GP6+

M;=Y/+_/RSB;N;Y?Z^GCNTZVX .]5[4E?Q?PS)1E#4B5V\\VKD










(H&)

M/&NF#*#TW]*[T/%GXMIG2_H;NM_;)H%$00XT!MA:[SED'*.JCU9 D;QIWO1*



 #ZG#MRSYUPKL /6B8UB&&KX^PIR]S[]F


MFT.=:K8N:UJC]X_#GE&:.&

(HH
PQ!SPX4.
TTI9I9(2A1QQ@AEJEY+*61C?I!+Y$?G@ U%DX^Q^M81-W;W3* ##X<UXJ9
M0'3NO9&@Z@.UL'EL_W2EG]U9;8K*H)H].M*?/)5XQ1%B!D/!/!160L)V##64
M\7&[F WT\99&6V%QN;H=I0
XK$K/9;E]S^]6=S5LM2?/)0X0:R45 &%KK*%.
MT
H*Q90Z

MY=F0F^9#ZK

M7!

*F1RW:3N
4E\&K+K#\4=BRBB-W
LAR*G$V'-XZ&.6

!
J:QQ&@9?- H[@\([-+I(9BQ0M1CYH0


M=?TQNR_*95SO/FV*%AZR ?8WB:P%)(AJ(A$$@$IF4([OQJGAS9GYO0:;7)
MSJ 9S@Y\6?




MOLB^;*4W'DT

M(L1#EOZKAQ



V6/




*
@1C@5I*

 .\M@82X(WS


MFP\D@'C!A06

MK


&:
CT!JQ\_@5O61?4T2
M*U@N

MW;!T%D\F?;K-LOV))!V\-1& $LTA4208/D)8$J^6V:VE?(15*








 )+2*S9(F@)=Z-)/!Z.*B^+;IP#YU&G)Z_MAQK7V#Q[

/N.J7!UQ5
93YV%<R^-HF*I8I\L)F=
MQI!:ZP6M;!:'$!WR8J!+
MFZ G0PTCQ*&8?*U?7G

86Z3J_Z?B*=K1Q8K@6
MV@-OG0:&2\2YPE6OB=5DW*95!]I\HXQC+Y#]HQ!FE ;-*'G241+$NP]7Z7QZ



MU0NU7I! 0#$UEDB+9
2N?8#FQ#FOO9O278GFVNZ@71_A/?YHMBED^CW$]/

M)'QP


C7R?KAN]

&%+I];R&EKHYFN=S

:/]@N@5(IY[!G$$*#N2.:HJJOA/#F*W]O
M@?9NM=\E.D
QX6



L


XQZ;
!RJ@(T*$(_/F.PPZM0O6&?P





*W(_=*S]ZL0A

TY


SP$U8XC62$%+K=#RD#(GE
M-MJ?S0ES\;'\'O ;4X1C/02^O)PI/V:ABXM\F6V/:&VFUH_9I+C9J'@-1
O0
M1YM/)]28'TR!C&5 E%$-_%+

^Z'8'OR6Q^V3 ]1\]ERB
MO(8(Q&

MN=[RW!I4&!(=;1!/B57A_QC8'%4TG!)9Z_#GN






K-



M\]6RMPV:43&G$U3/=U#59M=96=;F4+T7)!A:ZAB SFH+I-? 
5WU'G(SPF
?

BHM#@M\XJ+$&(NYF7!?E


M8A3\Z1[:\_F$.URV28@UXOCU7Y)P!!6F7@'.K*/!1V:*[%PKGFDJK=XPX#1
M^=YP/!^;U&12K +]P\C,\J]'4M+J-$^,!,XK[2 QB%.C/'*53R(HM.LH-J'
M6H\RIS5RY^/
N_G7
&




M_+ K^
YG#SW6+(K8G60$/6^:$ $T(
1
&UYP%8L-N(D5PUKWHP=#YO'X3I
M&+TS;%P$E99-EW$W;D&$\V1-X3^4RLX!TQ:Y@F&4CY
RV#7S$^M_T
TTVW



;2UWHLK7Q^FZP:UQ]L['['Z[
MA!;K[[Z;+[





MNN=HVT0;KYG5F!







M$RL8
Q[+



M6&PU)-@SR27F1&/+=\/&L0LY%M.4:N
 =0RD;4O!Q[Y3 ;E!%%OC@I$7NL^

6M
MG8+&20+Y.IU.*RUW6K *-'=]AMS_Z(-*W0(W!H*MKXQO/OU4S1/AG2.&!Y^2
M*0T]1

M!I]#C3!%J$
F= ?


M455HPL9S+
WS4X8-3=?6:[W0]$F@7&8@4A$MH$;(Z^#;A@%E;'!HMGW$WJ.+

N*20M.#$^%


M







&5)M.W'U@-!1#8@C/

 $D]@594O46N1=FWWJY$ZG).[Q*;X6: 78)1P&9C@ZR

2T??LV6M_&86S4PCE1W'TJ*

M

8*N6Q


MMAI8$RRZMCF@)_4ISQ;[$CY?/9


(T4Y74



PX*2A4B!JK!*AZ(Q%J'FKH
M/&6P=Q4WAZ4?):L@VG0MWBQ]:V_LU3

[;'&[TGX4H2$Q'



L-:JN7/2VYG*'JDS#(AG






OO[*E8T/F(@U&B=^.@7
M4X$LD
IX)G4\Q+?MMP:R^:&IT\-&%V8O=(_NX*QZ2^ZC:TB-UHE$0('I8.$
M0*]MF(4KM\ 1+$9^=5GFMW'FL[1^\=ASRC-D;&3YNP+V.ZO_SO/RO#]VX=#
M&5JGO2!GF#H+7?6&DE

ZY:/&Z&XUFI;WO



N(!I3LUGQD]0@=^9[TN(\MK3$[)S=0(VZ@


M%[OGHT%'(25
612OI

M-
_N*0E&5[98YI

MHW6E(8,0L*HH9(AHY3;WE\9[%Q8[T+/H?M^+.ON2,N$$TL8H0;S)SC$ .]
MO=Z/6X!=\TM


M

+5+6'NV@#06]J
I_W


;QT#_-/$- 0.6=()6):HFW(SSYUYG:NH5FL!V!['L^B05\:BC_


GT2IU_TSL:FF *Z
MSCY4LUGQ+9U/CMR^<:QU0A 1PDC O06*,_1D4\59*IJSIK?]ID%9TQJQQKN*
MD:^KY2*=3_^C^+)0DV5Q'1]:^T?WLRPXM)-)]&=BM=W;='Z3Y7'+)*:I/NE$
ME3S[X,)'!_=N5?N^WU8S*NZE/LV*@<5(@'8
V=UL/FE9
X+AVUP[X0Q7'M!
M7?
+87K;_.J#BZ
'OC&EW?5U-EGF7[.='*^SJO=T_$B-YO9O3@21%D@?%@!J


MF &+35A


M3[ITI*T#=1C;X#+JTRU=5'7VW
1-*!]L9L$Q
)QP9+%5C!@9/
#FUWGW?+*E
M P77J=)\&CQ#'K#NHCJO]=#*8-?28-\BRIV21J][QXA0&+EQ;[VT4UB]
KW-


M&FLXYP3:6-9*AW$(F=L
4)CP-,P:;Y;])2WSN['




&%&IC:$TVA2;




M!$&=(N]



+*GZ2K :



M\=[(04_6UCT^
]@9VXY &XH^\3S1N_EB6:YBYNVF/E\^^9 ^K/]9YO-)?I_.
^W!D&9?/B4KVM4&<@5'< GH=B
MZPNA/]V763J]FC^-O\':E-K_B@0HAYFTFF)'XUU$3 2DL0/2,*Y%B\S-WD*0
M0UH


M%OH**&


MCRK+6(IUW:T_E\7BT[G:2]*N.2.4 ZMA-93RP64*J(1_BXP:9'V)B^+-[W






(P5PW8[ \J3%I4*+RQJV15$0]&@(N_V





M_&NV6



M

@%(P


.&



M@C-7?R;9TR)!P6W#U'
E/-4*6@\%K?IGO&L^B_1V4J%/7G2#TE L\*LRP+Y:
MT]CGW^/?CD\9^QLE
$R-%@73BQ
#K7

+?7*A
Z &2T3-

Q;KIEK.[2YQ!Y 15E7IDQ#=


J=8#<4
-9FL[E:S=)E-;79?9I
\5HF;A[_/



M?!2SK;X[1:KO4]2'$Y%Z/-O[
5NOHQ_2LM^3U


BK&!OFEO:BW -G?D]#;!R'11F2 L51#9 :6MWWTE
M


M3IS'DC-&A6*:4JF)CB6J-[+2X/,)W+9'.:B:QB&V\1X/*CR6WIW[)C&6X\G
M2 EO$)2.:-

M?S2[OO8[$HJ4@2@XPD:J6&A.QSR?#098XK&N2AWH];7MX;TMH_)H%&90Z
MG#=C


?A1&CM!;'280SY5%=









MQ9G'.J +#
#$$R4K9)7U(]^Y;

(D
M.$EK;^)HI.S-YQ. 
;: 
^0T)IQ+[:6N^F8Q'U$USA4_JPVA[4

2X]'^'AT?%P



M0#1JGN@\6



M4!C-!ND^

O_OF%G7?:+8\:\FP:_!05=

XJT
MT)9*C'=C08-!;Y;M*#398P[4:!1Q
80?DN:O

6 $@H5]@);QPUGEL
*4VE=
M\P7O?-MS(R9W2_B'*PQR=U?
UUL))KW/E]58_)@MLO)K-O5%Z5?QGI9WB\4J
,<_BQ;SS797
M+&.Y?'BW+AJ_CD?\.;1=]C2='OMHHD#0IX:
0D1Q
 2MPM=&5HO[7QD^YEC

M@G9OQ7\OD=^=*6#TQ'YA(7U-\UD
&X?E:]WY 6SBEY]
M

M8H[AN_FDN


MH=?4:8
\!$)4Y]NL%+#%Z=

M1_YYQQTB&B


81S-^*^==U






G^
M.[OZLLC^O@K#W'V-8WVX+YT]J_RY/._KY(KO:9)XH#%&F(5)VFD5K7E%+?86



O^'4^AWM
B\8**\)^36'-AM*31QMX@# UA0U+DM&3J5AH^0I=F

:(73C\F)


T%#WT:A%ZOUBH27!.%VL-K
7]4.8'BQD?;)=XY(TV

:LV8TYS@JJ\J]'J$V7M=4Z)+@'J/G;UPX/N.#OT^3U?3F!_RGZNT7&;E

18+ !4   !B=69F+3(P

C
Q7VQA8BYX;6SLO6V3W#B6

^EMGMY4_LRO+)
M%QJ&XH8A$#8,_<LK'ZX?'[)__U.5WS_L.#T_:^!7 %R_!&L+74OKRH@QUA]







M2U?^18R+YR06&]

M!
MA@_UUZ+




MR9H&G5;4;)RH$2$SQ/ R-
R4
X657JBC7-=ETW

MU15

$)&X
M((,^B6,0#I/6P$-:TB-C:!K]J;I)3G$YOR4]S_^LZ802?&JJ$:V*#4A26?8
M9M:E


CX'[:%-*VHC'(T(
%O6;F^R]*BJH?5 81PFJ0D]1#!81!0 BGIS:<(

\JR:*X




UCIT.5V( NG[\:*:8889Z:SF7;[/



#

-&/Y/3A??TU*R^4



M\M0O7VL5?))03E7&3.@@M_JA*%M=/IL*?BZZB2!8!12#E
801)!%/DQP$@]%


M

K\
B3-L$_/ZQT6&!.5O(_9)N

L8@P-TDI3]B0R^!@


FMSRB#$I
+4


MC'KT\L$[PVPIE::YIC( 7 ]#'*4XCD#DAL&04D7-;7?B6USDOFQY4\OGYC_1


Q&E( :
HB .$2%!  




F;&E1?S.F/\

*
:-#_3S%(9+1
M+7-6+8M8#[0_P%6OO\O6P TR+*9A\Y K)V@#KQSD4+=JU]SFRMJ$61O1-_/
M+T/L+/A5V.ZS@=9.\OGV2&./0P$)



D[Z
M
C3

]-IG?X9-1TV
MI;7-)I'*:C;_D;7K#(FIERJMB]

MBD




M;W:';7/3SY+*+D+[:#2Y78C.:#HQ4G]1YD1AC_+YML3V1@AP(V$?HQBYB


V285OY6)1N^HSZT9D67TR0.HRE,F$(Z]4@)2Y42@K0BA(4V WVP3 DF<



-4U@D9TQ@2MR] =(YZ\



MFL03%FL

Y)Z\D)DKT+4




9&;F& Y

ZD0R^N6S7




\'Q*6](90&
M=+7/[AK4G\755
&*T'B-N_'Z I#X+H(CL*[ UCY9NBDJR:W?*AR*B: MWI1T

8KZ





58TTF!%5(K;.R[8X1?)J
MLRNX:9Z;]5?


/#\('5C%(8A

MC-Z9)E-21(Z
7SL-LHPQ;








ML+TD@3+BST7-




M.Q264=A3D3-=X'G:.73GB-UIP1^/%KQI\3N] [/-'_7X'A&1B1IR&2HRE;//


MAR=1Y

-
[:6
%LG6$8
FM'_Y^L/
M




=H?7V[\\0J+?


M \E]'%E1FD(:!S%$7(ICJ'7WXK$D2)(I3:FSH#/\O+I$=*,LP6E1IMFMF[




C9*_]=

MD8!AS=1I*1 Y0_##]+#)-_[.T;D6LC/80+]:9%R6;]UIII6FN]H?([+;)



$

M'RT^2[6KS1!MIX/]0:*T)7)
!VJ;;3A9K+YPX&+4C21F:0P]/P@!# /B']




UTLS]([+9&C_EY
MM\UV7-H&,IJD-' #G# :A$$?]?CSXB+IKQ$*<6[@F.=AK;//;CGOE<^X@
MT4[R@TCLU*S


M%X\N#+_EF#L(XY
JX._/9[UEC]_9G!QPN+U[A3BZ
(9EHNOH/\8,7?\T.G@
MO7/FOO-YK&O9\73MN]K 7JAO6U!87NI#%T*YDO%.FF(OS[1O^8)6#'79P#X

* LI@.)R
]=W0[*&4V;R8
M+V ^F?'.'S$M=I1I(NHR^LA\$;?SW^':Y/0
.'71_OC9'/AJI_RQ K-R@UL



M%B?5TW3*A:0*/P97AB?74[:PX@3[Q?+Y1S[[+_.F$M#F37B_??:3O^WSNL*;
M.O^6UX_/(

M9UU-$?3%#ULWG=Y/K2GUQ)U!:8*]W'Y@9KJMWP7F#]@66TQ\+CY/1UE(N%T$

X

ME6R3+2@8*5

@)

MK+/;6V:[O&6$HY&!:X+990Q*(YX4YON=W& ZS]ZXW23;9[=\:D^R39GQ05WQ


MFE).;J=I12O:;(+Y$1&?M&&7H?;3NES




O2=D3D[$Z0
M-7.6NLHN(2&L: ?+:EP/XOCHZT.Y5:5]J
LG?FQNE;]9U JTZCNHJM(*/1

90CCT/!KU







MEM%[TZVV4&4W[N9K&FZ'5PMJS8HRR^_V*X(2'BQ\C%C@ISCE@/J[X#BB*))Z

JP



M&?W28'RA8J;CT6O*ILV6LLS]FM6K$+
X(#%.HX#@.' 9]/K=2#R1([Y6.B5B
MP'(R];GY3YSMI91JGUW?MFZ00$79
LV= 9WZM5E\OUV@7'%@


O 7ZYQ1):YD<L4O6+4E/

!'+X%:Q32!Q*<!);!9



NT/6)EW*;41#@!+J M;LM.(38I9!(W2UC
MU+#E/9PO;AJY.*(DLRSS(OE1K.1+A

M[!&]GJ()ER'?DWAZ]6%9V^S*BWN'(LENBS([/=7&_U'5^8:'GN.E!

MH(#0*$'-@0?7]R'N485!DJ@)O!TL$XK\43E^:JYV^+/SI77D3$YNG-Z9-OE[

!O;W-


MP)A1V\+=X6RD0?

N2
BYY=7A0D3X22D?RCRC9_


M6D4IH=!M

M;JC+
&-@M#]S_




MQZ=1EA
HIT$E*RBRA(E*B46NE$1$E9CVO&4@%'54.1J*7JAO^%4FCQ(*(1





DRB)_11@


&

AK2*=8G2T




\R(



?#X<LNW[!=
+^MZ\Y6G2.<_
(V$W/LD1=$=V5_ ;='V?NF

T/;BHIC4G9C66L1P)+/0

Y?*WCB]$Y=+9#?.



M(W


7




K73Q:RC2BZRX-_7Y;9Y



!EZ'@



S-@4SG%K<'BN$Q-
M2*<-V.XG]VM-PJ+8M6Y5+L<W75SV_ML=:GZH%;*4VX$1AM/M(;A8\M_3^
MH;W7Z7A_28(]E$ _28

M&A;EY%F10#O;':_Q



M5!V




MX$QJ.WO56?]0YIN

M+_@E?L9T3)O3A4B7OA^7ME8;8
9(BM;]G!7EIZS\QK%4*^+Z
 Y#P%P410'Q

7IVYO.G2AU-5D1@Q:
M3C_.

VHG1&.5^&V)EU



]

CN2F%;9




MK;.F)LDJ[(FI\6'KRFO%CD+4%L]_(6I;F)HCV#R.#S
%@9A'&/D^TD4$!@#



U3



&2$1IC#T
M@H3XC V+?BQD4NMQBB9L*U(3VDV(D2*!@CIDGSM)9*GS8[Z71F3'CTF%R(


0A&@H
X6DL@X#KY#<4PX<F4_D38W


MH*9.@T@0+29A$W
L)V0&Z)WV)







0\%Z$^GH/3P:N]U&CT[
MSG7 Y5V[!AG\6K





M7?NX_OT7/D-HDL1GADG


:NS%]?(.
$E?+& 5JT*]%9'G_

MN#!.H.2DP2YWBI





MS;$
X6

-1.0
LR5O^=(@;UYB).)

-\O2)
MG42XZ/ %Q37 S@).'6@Z4!CK*9(O;^7[O

M-+Z9@[;I)(:(1#%+*)^'1GZ2 #\9$ 0^EMJ3:]*N93GNH+YIL3HGL$Z'MBG#
MM'C[8HSO-)H(XAEB7/Q+R?M1JFW\\Z7.(\CR::-UEA&^FG%L^=/@UECSX*

Q4:8P0BXD


IJ0
MXE^UK%HM$*6ZH00Q8OICAQ


M..82@7

& J C\-2ONRO7#UWQ#\N:VU2^']J&79O81





MM

T/P4^ @%.(X)I@GPO3H.H



 I=5TH##6460O




4




M-&LZ'N442YI.R\_CK$SHE%F6%V&0AGRY?G[CP89$E6G9Z:.,] HP&&*W1@A
M@'T_2&-,DMX62$DHHTIJ%B96(\4E2)[8C)DGS@]^9FI&G61EA'=T:-Q&7JC




O]MPX#K$W
MB!KQI.X/TS!C66TZ9

MJ[W*SX@ &2!U&2IDPI'G#]::XD:\XL-%[VNQXU157:[5'%-J?_KI8==6T;_Q

X!S




MFU;EKC

MHR3$?NJ2@

\#/ T


N(U2+2=C4+
LIV8G@
M#P/!]$1PA]%Y-T:P%5438&U$W$QRO@R-

MGYE.*(F(%R;




M/..)OL*3G77-%VR

V'=;Y=08@!
M 8C$46A%].(A,/&#$QU




MNXP)C!E7KKRF;( ?U8/\*QCPV5


)!
MY+'$@W$





HN4!AR*KMS.E
FXJV)+8YA^KLBDI2F0P2+KR0
M






R8_@Y
N'A?



&)]FZ


0 P(@3&)$%N$/JH!Q+Z@=05SA;


M
.UQ1 &16@XU;WVN
:[P/JQ9UL5*:_


M/&UC+R

:OJ



=JFRX@'$_HK4Y^Q






*TZD*J7K
M6GZ-.BSE&J2Z73J:UYO/GG(2\;XU7]2U9_




M:3'-O163=)9EA*7ET*&P&V/=C)SJC8, V[&=QG#($AC%]#FO%1(48 X+'C
MB3^ZWXJ%
RUC





?A=S
M#R6Y&/*NV-]Q;;PGV9?Z


*ME4-#&+OG38-!5&
ME$




M?O/8IDDL97$0((^X
&WL4Q!1 %A


8EA&J3I



MZSYSZCU31KN^2=2MAA4ULEWV_O#ONUD.1H?W QI2#.6A[SJ)G (013'1H3
MK%
MO1-QNR8%$\6*1%SL*P)5-65D@0).P&RR@B
Q%2)9.[
(46PN1-*\Z0N1
M\IL5'LD1#%6D*DRJZ_0J3LB800Z;$SY^$!L3C[;E_=M8LR@RRG
P '^%B
M6: C6+) (OT5D9G03;CK%OO3[?M_


/]I


M4'!$%/PQ8IIYIN1Y8L[T$D


M9-39]%%E-+PX*S.ZK

MAA-$&
LP3 !.









M%FF6G4V\!
/&6G61VZNDN3H[J6B;;S]TS8%?3Z89W3 G-8+]?P_;/ZN[0[79

MP?N/.D
U8UHE1KES

M:1RT+3O+MP^G2/L*&T1A%



MS:-

M_\>X2+!

M[1+
JJF;(JEN+M&08^F
J-GFV0]ML^[5XTLWG+ FM8B*JVUU6XMC61_^$COA
MOM;WS8.MR8N
(FZ)0I)F61J&$6)Q

&29E!$)6
M4@9Z$ 7











*.X^!.CCU5X*=\6MELJA^E-Z;))IYJ;RLU




8:A

Z*)X_/-5IC1_T8





IM
[+

!


MLI!QBR$-*0EC$%&((D0R24&T8
F=FO7[54_0!4=XP1\CP)DO0GV=L3
R8I%N

BC'(0AP!&W
M5*#)9%8HO5YD9



MUQ8C1J36)@=#Y?*^YL


RF^\
M


Z*

$SS:3(L

B!47NGGX5)/Z =L




QK-68E@
MF)


3(U
^%=9^YZ%29]UW



1(A@
MDJ5E$M)L !$5
CQ<:Z_FDN\^*)






M'PJC:+O^)

@$97$&8PXU<3(%LMRZG0!@M7DZA5N@S\$R*!#.?.F23GJ

[OK+
MAT7]N-I7Z]^;#?^83;W_\6FYKQ8LHKRI CF(: DI(3D9$!. 0614D7G 5['


_7



;_

1C+!0#&.59G-$X*T(VGL5+(Q1)O4,Z
M(QSG$W:;P[[^5@75[2T?IHJ.W^Z;U9]!TV?08GF:3[_9B# <\1

MWD@^@@]Z]*-$G^(/]DTPQ91.


$)#$4ZU

U6

9Q\4.$G7DG5X1;8E%67NERM^6?WGZL






MWY=W];:#
)X*&QZU7A ^B(]2 $





MDY?##& W*3CX*78[CIYV?S;X&OPAO T&=U^^8=?3IB*76BZ.TUT6\J:!.

MK@-W)LEYTV;\R(?^T-%XVK?5LNP+
!=Q6*: P3P)25@6
0OS(ANM04;)XKX[
MH/=YO]SMY5*DKB45S7H


1;(6)Q[R/OT;O^-##_

ML^3_#7:=



MG=G'YD\ L3LK-




@*O7[(D1U7'E_+;8\?

525



?(JN?G$V0V =

D(6&6
MQA0G(
L*S H\VB*\1E0[9*MCP7%&.((*.E3!3Y\^H_8?P1\]/.63K%HDRNFT


M0EC&






M0MZ!$LL:1UC!'P*8XNR )GURLP+NF5.3; W2G
P /
O+F9&_&8]^C/@-?6AL




X)!CB+
MZ60D5'N+1_&CYU
K:&0*E%J:N (VT]N
C8Y2$1$IJ@R)A?JJ *_@5=T.)

S!5(0D12R].J?^T8Z580 4=%U

MA8I*\B#!$Q



M]]O@Z.






 #?!JQEQ+;53#A#]#K


'PT.V





)K^+;)U;YEE.HBU&MIEUG60Z.

R2


?/W_X[=,['2%HJ]7_]:7Y]G\++X0(1-U7HO-')YU_
M\/&9/J[J_66[LC+:1B_&AVSO%Z0- 1)7**(YB$F!:3N5&&A&IZPED/\MQ


4Y;&81XA1G
0C=8 (U+OVYO:


M2C:\:.PV(;59E5^J[_5JN7W&7L821F

R@BB;LD')OU:95M&WXGHD
MU 
SDA@+5
K-K
S#HN+@28] )W
K+_)S9G+%G%


?WP14E84@ST:LDCMH1MM*ZZ'?AVP8$ 6

&/QX_$6&)&?Z7IU^5=
MU2UMP0Q&) Q#'($P+O(T.2YM4:Y]2MMR#




H3U;'CSPIJY0BO3[KE*HK4DJEQ8_T
=N( @R4'&I#@-$M2FL+15)QCI7-L6@8<

M-W)

B2G'ZX(TA-

/AO%9'!5)CE')/Q^5+
IH3I+12D;5

^AP6CM*

M3_*.2

MLS A!(@'J\3K54



MN2#@*GA0



FEL(
MP9E9]3D#[







G)%@*55#6NQL)F2/NR_5CNT_C^'=B\V

!Q6NGPV


NJ1

VKL.%I^*+-K)YM9

^?ES00 94;*L$R)N+X8)IAG&2P
MS(L
1DIGD8P

Y&G)HL3K(Z[@#X$LZ*#-_FCIRRR=

QZ31@_(RR
MSA%'/X1W%D\?O\









M$P;.+%CI\.3'$I46\L:\E6CU_&&



M8NC5$AJDJ:N& [Z
=.



.GP7;$DCB$:810@2*0X2)AY6@[+[!2&67'
MHF/5ZT$&$\I@@-EWR)\ZI/_05#Y+E

!MKEW@\5
MM.S3XT

MN3KF2RTM*%+EI()]2LB9*M: /3\J61

MQ8?4./FZVMV-5H;J!Q8T0Q3E$8MB#
(P3]-TTBZ82%UBI/O9CK5$(#KI&.J#
M*QVZ)
:NCIE2TX^+D*0PT'1

\$?6.G9:@5
M8I^J;\WF6[W]\EF!YL4%@GB5O(HC2.:E4E(P&@3)$CJS+@=2X[E= +W]8S
MK24*0UKEJK7Y&%6370


MY0EEQMQLX7B&E7



H997E1%-QDF(W&(PJ5CEU9
NE8



B*.(]C

M?14


GW2 FHA CX*I@VWS@JD-=ZD




Q=(\)MK9:M9P6

()*EA#'&$



_1C Q





MFYK^C*I'O]]7V[;JQE11F&$*0(QBP'!:4A2R\1Z=
DW5WD73^7S'FC-5!%6/

1%9[86_R@/NQT?
MLJ'M^E?N_O/&S[*6Z[VBYRD100BR-*<(
)0F





YS
M'!;C(_





MK


80X R0#19:E.1J-
MYX IGNVQ8M+'*2];;

MG*DJW8
1[(MBFY9IQ!@


MQS-H_NF@#)
2:F@U('YIHEW77E!&!_PI5X+]B/DEXS!):%&$A$&$0)* A)73

M:M7T;@Y6-87./X'35S93FOV2-&-O7M R.RS)'\Q\8?!
X[S(4HC%?90PR1.:

ML?E\N&FK?QVJ[9Y^X__O6CQ
NLC*((4(PI@PAB):R.?3(2)I37:R51*9.T

M;MEF

MF%F!C#1'EC0MO7' E^F(JH=T69GI


M3?5&AKTY-&=B1UYVU GU4GDTW#@O/KJ\R.H//K3BBN

MZN.N7E4+%K
2EW$2I1#C-*4X USS*.3?(2@EB8H(F5ERK$2_5+LOU2[H  4=
M(C7Y


6_&AL

MW3FW9]XM


M($ 0YIADF(Z6



MT+4?#OMVS]
=Q[


MEQ3[

M!LS

R@6N0\4L]'2Y#_Y!^])[QP9\MZ

SC9/2/9D!I


/5Z)?]X_A
(W$-:DX$H?52P#2J=CBU9?:%:9OQBO'

^7O7;[=Z]%G/%VH5UC



JY.'V
V\+
M$;NMY-)5R

M*0=1R!W#
(6T(#AGJ&2C:R3'P



M)CA
D[+(PR(O1PLD9OEB+]Z[EQ

M

5Y;LY*C&=OFB-J1M/1

M6$**%


H.Q3[(5VVG'D\KK+)D=IN%S&&


8CC'T+@0G/ER-Z:%CHKM)
MBDO:GD/:]+GC


M1E-69#O.K]7^9)T!QE,THA3M



7?!BP__&1MUU1YHO_E[4\D?#E& :TR*#6!9SM*P./.

M.G5GU
\B[WZ(GDV'&F=M5/&

M

#K@_?: $:C=



M7:WQC]]:\:C-=+$%6NWK;]ULXQ$(!#1-8@I0%A: =^P4%,0 GA4E(X
.^X
M
N(^QXX8A8/;?PD8/,X1_!A#PX0I?IIK
%1TX'+QP7-75T%!)7VXD5B3V_

-4 HC'!6 T2)+DX2FXRW5&2Y+I85D
MA8^=04'?:5S.H4*
G
HYXD1=O1Y


M*FLD XA2EC**HP@GA*1XDK6B2)7.35P$H&/].O%)=
7)J^!)3Q8_GJM6O$Q3
MD--9[UN!FF)?O $X47
703J3%R[:)OS(

%
MTNR9I@G'^O1YWZS^_/E&P.)J=

J3-^'3V

M.^^LR[:M5

YB=;20P%P7

MGE%&RU'P0QEM._7X(647G



IJ^_5;E7S(1TO6%HQ;1<T
6+HAW#/

!M^+ATO^E.N2T0PF5:8IR%)21Y N/ICO@R#^-


69DB
 $@5/6&-EMF
M'==0]/:V6G5W7ZR^\N]7K5B7/#X$W*]U=!-6F^/MJ/^/Z6*P?A!T%X1GX=_*


U@B%M-Q

MY&B\'RHO&$BM*)R*P;F6/B9$IM*FQ*:NIEEGT*:8R9 YDXB=0%%2+QU^?94M


0$XC!L!X
MIBR/\[RPHF!6D
9(A<4=QC5ZO)DT3Z*

M9KIP3/OZ=47N#!6S?];F^=LM88K+I$PQ+7-&8TR+-)MV Z$0*EVZX

XV:

@AR3/LC M2
I $A5Y.K[TD(=Y

Z3IS#^^D!Y?_PI:![


M:CG=U__
I-%95I&:8Z3$I:,A!G+\Q$()&-1183\S
OLMQ.;_S87F0QBH&1
MBLY%OU4U/3ZVY.\BRQEBU0761I2\%EHK#LH)KCTN%1X5GRKC\?F;#[?B-9Q%
M!A/&&
=
MC?']^@4$+$L 2DE1%B$!&$/*U0^2@O#_1+'*Y5)FAN9:QG@B5ZT:;9??N;P

&0UC$(
BCU&:


MQ ;2IFQKIM7J8]EI_+RP/JUJ4N:&2C
!TW]VW:YH*3PE;$RG7P*E[\8+LF3(
MB];X]^.NY@;OEYN%N%P61WD*H@@E%&:EHR7=P5DE&9QI)%AI;FVC8SX F.
M@Y&MO:&P K$:8V'+9%H;#$^XYF'.8#CLAD%[X^'7F=0;$$^?*SLB5B?*PR&Q

M;#!E?Q_.0DPRQH2QO
Q3$M



_'_-G5%OVS80Q]_W*?2VEPP0


MG_8OQ].1C#.1]


M+8]W19HJ0I@2(0T+&F6

MV.'T:E


MZM\;

M55W?5JOM?=-L_MJL6I)FZ[^?FKTI[155L]IMVG:K.YWT15+R1 A6IF%
1::2
M7D9(4M 'CVX8\R-18+[-[&]MF/?56V&H7LSQ\

XZ
M0IWZ:(O0]V9'IFKVFR_W^ZJYBRG/9)&1+(\3FF1)QF39!Z%%02& !/YHQ_A[

M

$U+FD@H2\ISQA/6!Q1A-HA





RW0^N
]J#&^9P+SP!;EU8ZF=RUW6=O-\T_^:Y:;_;FU1TI99)0EML9-HW%:9Y



M)P5-J80M



MJ*

2N[-#_\#4$L#!!0
M   ( .2%6DRC(#]_4GT  %M'!@ 5    8G5F9BTR
#$W
3(S



_V[H-CKV==):_MGMZYPD-3*9O3%%/-@VW-

SY2WMY-EFO(+

VTW[B#UL9[-YK=-QC5CY^U^KN;
M:_*%K]L:R6P1%X'KM/'IT30MZ!^^%


CNW?'1KO
7VT


M6[8S0C^:S/]M%/_F]V*T6

P0V:MC/&S:[T


M--D!JV4YOW\?[8'WQ;B


W


.6Q[O9O]SLY8A?KG;3L;^81GIV

MG;$HVAWY\R[;'G.Y'$U;'O.S+ML;\PG$6#X?9D



MK)U3#!

D.OX

M9A.2\78SP)UO5M9
\?0FUDE-(&.<&B()90(KBYV7ECI'3_C]!Y_
M*:Y7T^+J9G


 


%0G-K@LA:V3IC2G(TM:* O1J:+
MV554R(?R9ODM8OM$E)U[Z%'M Z3$40Z 58HYP34'CE:R VHOS*;JC!EE]]CW
MQ;N=
7+Z_F




MHMC[E)'L@)]7?Q









 ]Q)^R'!TU.E?-Q/COA^7TQN/ZTBK.FX^V$@


]




Z+?NNR0@\G
M[:GFY+;(T!ZB[6X4N
'+N2U7GY8WJVEU;?P@Q[XXCT8=!(FY9@H;8*DE'&A&@*RD]Y;FD&J
M[W7:)54G$)_M5N1=,4\_&'TN]FV$^YH%Z%!$#AH5C0#O.8N;?W6+*(!A.<_C
M!QBNW2Z96@3V[-D[_K8HXE1X.[G9MT U:!TXE]9 $%<E87E3!A1;^S8TYQ+
M_@'&F[5+J/;Q[2W;PLZ\3(V(U:1YT

M&.!=2




MTKWO=UW

@V$

CMI+NRI

:AOB_L(6)N5\4\ ^[F=I?UR73E[K\/H_5HME.DJTQ6(\G]SMN#
ZM:M
M'4!:



MHS.)F2&






%*SRBR46..NEQT]RTMX)



MNQ[

MIA&I8E''.+\???L](C2?C*:[F79\)R%.4L64])!R& %D6$%7H6 =R7EC/

MXW4.L&*YG*XO!O?;3GN:!




M





M!3-UQ*53S?86--+3&G

MM1I_LC%6&ZPPK?0?)/-48*%UTPPX)639/N A2-&X5D=8/?'Z-E9-C5S=5=



MPK:_O@GP-/U;!O3]Y3J-2.JG15#5?#Z*SL1Z&NK[AV^VAP=KP1ZDBW-Y.IK]
M
;H]'$S;Q:\+(*+J:+H?0!!AA:6#KEX?%+JP%^\GLNI9YM2S*Z+'C'.WY6Q=
M-NO@LY5GWP8&)/( 
V*)D8I3Z6@ED_
\J_3/ 
EU7EJ\D'4A1QF]K:'UYO)A
MM-YLTH@/;

$


TG&CI%2?&8R(UJ:H_.*;LA3UP



5F]._FDW$1![_^V:$S

P%





MR7'0C[]?[


5_Q?92ZHO1D[XW'*W;IX-[I/5RD-S@U?;!\%(!9

D]T




M]G8T?%V72!E-KM_
S.AN$O?W'T:_[YCX8.
@

M0IYK[Z*4TDGMM:YVCAP^,+2$+1!I=9![?'JAKHVKM+;\WGQ9=BMIA\+=[

D^QL(X60Q'5FA?[][:X!RW[/@R*^?4RWC?0;'


AB7:T&

M

9SZH5G 6!#
F*+8 !6]6JP-K'T

M ?MLM-JD4CR&49L600O!/)! 6BD=M*G\07W7@RW.RH0^[*NSGLAT$L[GN5
[
MP;YJUD%(
TAS 0 '\4_I!;U?J^$SH*..RKMVY8U@GLYR'=$9;6_H;!*(2B
MI^(XE.G2P

D%




M)PIDR'3)TW/9/K)G.&0^6&OXV;=!6$V5(M8P3I$F2A/.*YFT




MJ$B@D0#HPO*NMLNDME#MW6-_6Y4G;.*FUQ\'P(B7TG$F(#4: \53%9@U3@H1

M24ZL
0<4:UU+:F(

3C@'\M3XG2N;V%RO-!/)420#3-2V'T0KD
ME.:4RSAZY[LT.F7#W6M6JM,?QC9ZJ\FMP-@#*%-+_(P YY5('KL+JPN2U\4


MV  /+\Y
.DCW.OIIR.RUVFOB!O%

H_O6


M^GT115Q
EL6'8OYU


M.BLV;8B9$/KB8 [(KSI^B#$:IP

M75\$I5K$_;6$#SFA'50

-:Z]5\;\
5%)1(B^L6F#;2\NI./9X\I$VW'?S\NLDFG_Z_F^+XOK-
M[I:[*-4E.-EY.OF\1BATVTXSL+AA+'








MI\6.;?Y0DZ4-LQHS8&A5F*
*K

M_C8-^$


M=_/B;C2YKMQ]]STY0D5T]=?Y
]4BVJ['4:])AX%JK1S!+DX_2(2#GI#J#E0@



M:1/U

B^
M8''Z


9XO'
MM1VBW!??7A[LINK-T_O@/7P[IIOH7@D'(7$28& Q4H2YF[)?;,L]ZT%;G:^
M^K7(MPY1/B_?5%RUY_/[N$ ?JLC5J'T@C*)H4M+.;=6*4NJ:[F4!#GG FJ
MOD;G#


H,5VZBLS7%0]D:35LO:$*T59DAKXV7
M2GA$126C@9=6&B!3SXW+VAR':N\+S-O3RMH CX0&R!
K&(OS2T9[O)**Q(G7

M


;BJ.@?)TW


I9KV!E5R.:W_Y)^
G












M1;BVTE#N--[*X+A4%Y)BJBU%/N-%%IK=
.+C?)2
^ _WMY_*EPK(//LF&
R$

THY]@(JA<DV/4:4Q04<U4UH%/E#JC1$J)=+AE^
M


NY

MU\%K+ID R@I$D
L5SQN:8TR<$+#[FIB0@V.G1Q$/A;J;Q 8T:Q@L\R(N=%813(A3
MFBE3'[4(+K)21OP


Z*2S74;D8=CI1K
Y8WM?W*4
O[//
M*7QJIRFZKTG W!GKN().4&.H
H!$3ES4@,XVVR7Z?CU$4;X++R[


X@TNIT9TL
H

M4J8K+#C)RJ$P($^@
V)U7:/CWOGZ]CZT73KJ]'_[@J1/5@K+A^-[I?!Y_/




?Y3+XC).F'2JEHV0



E) NQQ5Y
M33.]


P$C/*.\T?/=;F9VLMB*V6*T+3/^$JI-IO

2
P^__BSM\778KHC \U)_43O


MJ3H1P$+:K8S$1GPO@U0=Z_]4EIVD@Y-YMOZ55[/B]R+=M^WBT..O@G
@6C-&
M


M3\7F?0?KHJ.BC13(*^:TU(KRF.Q-O\?4#[8)=D:L;7SE32IGG^PT+%P9X
MA'E^H*? B' 

MR?S?1O%O?B]&8E'0=^]WPO7HWE0S:+!W?^9B$JT0H-$8P3G6*!;/3\-Y=P


6!((L8
JW D




MM9&!0



U!A5DEA\



1J-#DN?8F:]LJ6C,H_+L:NC+VDR9;J+'-5LNKFX.KL-)O$)


B_G7


MSY\&1OZNU37\B?#PE/OAKSN9 B_]HN LBQ)IRP152 +).)$5F@*;G.R; [SE
M?!WD;T%19Z/]U5TQ'R7_

21=L(+/01//&?
0
R
MM

@+*VD4XKF
MG


M_&Y(;I@V*SZ/4EV?RU[ LK5P-O;]41QU#!X_#TRE!'\RNC#4*DF!)Z@Z((J+


MP!B$D##5*2

MJK8=!()9*USS&X8G/+O(C;8%^

9%4C


&FA]R 9-QY2


M7FY_IE+K0TYB[\E1'L6,.8%\H(CIV'M8
NB&

M6

!RI(DC4  G
:9Q
ZLG. 4Y+P$'&.1Y+AIWIY$A
?PE




 )50I3K5R*NX
MU4MR@8G

K[W_*):;?TO/]FS\<[&<C-7L




MLZC#./WB#OBXEQ3KO;S_O5A^*:]3/K3#[FJ/HPC1RS*$ 6*1HLIQ$]4@*SU$
M-6S0;@[C\/EV8*&:*2MMPQB*AF*2Q:R&\N<6P%AHVG3
MC:R[M; N_;)'W@


(EZ[Y
M8U55YL#7F8K-QUTJ-A^#C48M1M'H=@(HHJURIN8U@S8GH&S(OG@K*CX:OI-C






!]A:8I7%T-2+


M?9^^?8FTZ_JVUT$$@#US5D?#1TKFO'#81L];&
.U%]317@S OI

M
K
9(MD#[N0-1R:SG'47XBI*8*I0O5R[I9[(RXO6NBYSCY=_/RZV01._#E




MY=X9RZUA@D'
F7)







E*3.


DG]1?$)0BP*%
NSD24E#O?84-ANY2T]VU2

MD

M7?_J0+1*;S^IT(9II UTO*H)3P5[6A/^DGW*4YD^
!7U-2EVB+F'RSM:! 1
M]&*HP-'4
1)Y(&151)!2[WK-A72WSNWP83F:+SLEXG!(TZSXV9%*.C
)XS1?
M;S[IO?%JFLYW4IV.=U&U\TWRCI3%HUQ
#M6 ;*/[H(V30$*#'83 0VL\!;4A


2<LI
M9)=V3=JWI]=8[4&;\^3]OP!#VW/74L Y48A!9C@0E&6
MZ#?C$%EUQ@0Q


QCYAEWII)=

MJ^:68UZ-ORJD]K8(DRC*C(- :2(41
MA[B$
59E7/X

*/

M_-O[W9




_


'I^_%+
B]%-5& ^







G$8=8-@

D2\!&VG(5H:WQYIBR?BOOO!R/:;Q\.



0%UR#'? 
&RM
MMX11$GOM4X)-KP?.A=.%=X^-N3A6B
;OOTU/94-VR9!& 
L8W&*E%0 Z01C
M



;0=








M=?%E-+X^EWH'7AF 583J%&'3DDLD$/)^@Y!A4.8D

M//\]G)T_7GR/$ +*]-Q_RL4 XS:37%CCI.(!


2\!



M'M^G%TF4#$R[8

\/8X!N0ZJSK6R='U8?#E


L.V.
ME?(D*[GA+Q


)E2\TOJ$.5$.)%J7&U&&#4B
3:Y_FTZN-O]1H39)Y9<$$5U02#U3%AEO0(E4<@
MC5 ^)Q8.!Q\,;QSO/OO_$$D)+7(4XBHUE*R\JB8L9BU6V[\7I?38CX43@
M-'2[X



J:RS
[^69VY(M];]BT;V3:4]?/B1S';

MKJZNTB;D_
OH9R)-_
_9


IP%OL@0/. D2@
B]3U8S%;C.=I :VZ'KUM$QPU$F&F.028.0E)ZP<


M!R\40)!A1ZWBCAB&-B.7[B!E!-K@A[%+UFN-M0^R^SZ4.TF7Y^N1NM=IS=



MV^GC_[TNQHEM)/TAD8P\(UG\*7PL;D=W;K+87TUCQU/!4^Q0SZNPP9QZBP

M6=*:U@+=V7MM_UZ

ENG-IJP?GLWEBXA(]



BF5P%AS:HF$GHG26
2(ZH'5#VC


SWN7

6J6;CFWY3@MR,JW
MT,,K(DV2J3Z46V/3:'(BD78V'$
QEO+E2

*]DHQRJ
M ^ VZ5.)
IM1$ ^


IJJ3ECK
*
 ZZU/#67.M-5# ZX!SC2(

N:3
FERNUHMSI
M'?F.

L H5MI9#K%VO'-@E+@:XDFO;]LG'G093UD:G(W#=9)3


M:.&YQ2RN




 20=KPAX3X/\O)W\6]\OB[JZ8N=689N-Y,?_XY; M<*19X%;S(;4R#)@



2ENQE?CT=WGOY+[^6/\
'VA;_O\OZ


ME&-AC [L@%\'''@=MLI ORTFG8_-T^@FU^F60Z4=_8^%Z14G'FL([K  $P\
M4;)$5ED_L+CJF:QZ/4-V+XCV K+IIMU57&Y69N#1Z/W.YP/ &%O &7(:$\ZE
M]E*78[/1MAT6R;JEQYO(;+Y .B+;'Y/Q8O[U]S].)=W+=D$BA0$UB++(8?6





M/\8/WZ9'+C*=^:;  5-0

MQK/B*@KUJ
_OEY<F%
MH,BDK+4$:N)YLAM1P/<P

\5S[1&#

Z!



**%082^P==QP






/(Z&JNE


OF:! Y)92H'F






A&(P=X1@AB&T0'%-DJD= <\1I'P:K?OGU7L![(]O)U


M(K]\M7WI(O=3;4_L8_ :
 B
LAIJB:TAA&VGWC@7YP1%AWF?NG]JVZS(+U]M
M-X[W


S4UB).0;H(!X!E








4(X[


X72'GQ)L;7E0

0C$B2


2/=2-&B=*$E-KMW?#T6J\O-MFGYZ-L6HV]O9*LEQ
M:QIV=I^12HZQP! SR)YJ/.$;;=<
6 YFP@#W.#KIP:V)?V.
XV\^34-=S(O
MWC./[ X[2(B5TL1K)XFTDD#(C





M=-%QI&2)(X!N8.=7AZ@/9XBQ+7]UU]#?F







M1S\:H(?









%?+Q8_I+.T2

=?1K//








.DUN?$[#J47+=ADE5'\=$*GLZV:#*^W*

M?RM/87N:!P5 @P!)Q$$@&$L)2Y'CIG(B9'7R?ZW@#4K6R5+;_/B_]9QK;N
M
1TBZ.RJP^N.5
F?OZ=)8
/!YZ.DPK%\?HO84.K3)X
M68=I\H
9&^[/B$?5M)S
&TMIO&JJ_'CZN_QH

#S05




\1_SOF\DR!NBUIZ
M.8^CGZ_#_O-5W895=X\5+#W8+GCDC39Q9(QJS:+_S@DNQZKBJ 
MNPB-'$P:NNE
WA?_F(R6U^.H8_^Y'


M268%$^68D+$YMY



FW6





4 !$              ( !     &)U
M9F8M
C Q-S$R

M             ( !W&0! &)U9F8M
C Q-S$R

MY(5:3.D6IO!1(P  QW0! !4              ( !Q70! &)U9F8M
C Q-S$R
M
S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .2%6DQV%
8#@$T  .L P 5
M        4F8 0!B=69F+3(P

C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D
MA5I

#$W
3(S
M



