

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-468386
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151226
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160218
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BOSTON BEER CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000949870
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				043284048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1226
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14092
		FILM NUMBER:		161438502
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DESIGN CENTER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 850
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-368-5061
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DESIGN CENTER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 850
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210












 


Washington
 D.C. 20549 
FORM 10-K













For the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 
 










For the transition period from


THE BOSTON
BEER COMPANY
 INC. 

















One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 



(Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code) 





















Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 and will not be contained
 to
the best of the registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) 






























Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

284.1 million (based on the average
price of the Company&#146;s Class A Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 27
 2015). All of the registrant&#146;s Class B Common Stock ($.01 par value) is held by an affiliate. 

 2016
 there were 9
465
shares outstanding of the Company&#146;s Class A Common Stock ($.01 par value) and 3
367
355 shares
outstanding of the Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock ($.01 par value). 
DOCUMENTS
Certain parts of the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2016 Annual Meeting to be held on May 25
 2016 are
incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 




THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
FOR THE PERIOD
ENDED DECEMBER 26
 2015 























































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities











































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance























Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence












































 






 Inc. (&#147;Boston Beer&#148; or the &#147;Company&#148;) is one of the largest craft brewers in the United States. In fiscal 2015
During 2015
 the Company sold over sixty
 brand names


 brand name
 and over forty beers under four of the brand names of its
subsidiary
 A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
Boston Beer produces malt beverages and hard cider at
Company-owned breweries and under contract arrangements at other brewery locations. The Samuel Adams Company-owned breweries are located in Boston
 Massachusetts (the &#147;Boston Brewery&#148;)
 Cincinnati
 Ohio (the &#147;Cincinnati Brewery&#148;)
and Breinigsville
 Pennsylvania (the &#147;Pennsylvania Brewery&#148;). The Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science Company-owned small breweries are located in Los Angeles
 California (the &#147;Angel City Brewery&#148;)
 Miami
 Florida (the &#147;Concrete
Beach Brewery&#148;) and Brooklyn
 New York (the &#147;Coney Island Brewery&#148;). The Company owns an apple orchard and cidery located in Walden
 New York (the &#147;Orchard&#148;). 

 Suite&nbsp;850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02210
 and its telephone number
Before
Prohibition
 the United States beer industry consisted of hundreds of small breweries that brewed full-flavored beers. After the end of Prohibition
 most domestic brewers shifted production to less flavorful
 lighter beers
 which use lower-cost
ingredients
 and can be mass-produced to take advantage of economies of scale in production. This shift towards mass-produced beers coincided with consolidation in the beer industry. Today
 two major brewers
 Anheuser-Busch InBev (&#147;AB
InBev&#148;) and MillerCoors LLC (&#147;MillerCoors&#148;)
 of all United States domestic beer production
 excluding imports. 

 which includes craft (small
 independent and traditional)
brewers
 domestic specialty beers and most imports. Better Beers are determined by higher price
 quality
 image and taste
 as compared with regular domestic beers. Samuel Adams is one of the largest brands in the Better Beer category of the United
States brewing industry. The Company&#146;s Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science brands
 which include the Traveler Beer Company
 the Angel City
Brewery
 Brewery also compete in the Better Beer category. The Company
estimates that in 2015 the craft beer category percentage volume growth was in the mid to high teens and the Better Beer category volume growth was approximately 9%
 while the total beer category volume was essentially flat. The Company believes
The domestic beer industry
 excluding Better Beers
 has
experienced a decline in shipment volume over the last ten years. The Company believes that this decline is due to declining alcohol consumption per person in the population
 drinkers trading up to drink high quality
 more flavorful beers and
The Company&#146;s Twisted Tea products compete within the flavored malt beverage
(&#147;FMB&#148;) category of the beer industry (and the Company&#146;s Twisted Tea products are included in generic references to the Company&#146;s &#147;beers&#148; 
 




in this report). The Company believes that the FMB category comprises approximately 4% of United States beer consumption and that the volume comprising the FMB category was essentially flat in
2015. This category is highly competitive due to
 among other factors
 the presence of large brewers and spirits companies in the category
 the advertising of malt-based spirits brands in channels not available to the parent brands and a fast pace
The Company&#146;s Angry Orchard ciders compete within the hard cider category that has similar characteristics to the beer
industry for reporting and regulatory purposes. The Company believes that the hard cider category comprises approximately 1% of United States beer consumption and that the volume comprising the hard cider category increased approximately 9% in 2015.
This category is small and highly competitive and includes large international and domestic competitors
 as well as many small regional and local hard cider companies
 and has experienced very fast growth over the last five years
 although this
growth stopped during late 2015. 

full-flavored beers and hard ciders. With the support of a large
 well-trained sales organization and world-class brewers
 the Company strives to achieve this goal by offering great beers and hard ciders
 and increasing brand availability and
awareness through advertising
 point-of-sale
 promotional programs and drinker education. 

 with a focus on promoting the
Samuel Adams brand
 but supported by a portfolio of complementary brands. The Angry Orchard brand family was launched in the second half of 2011 in several markets and achieved national distribution in 2012. Since 2013
 Angry Orchard has been the
largest selling hard cider in the United States. The Twisted Tea brand family has grown each year since the product was first introduced in 2001 and has established a loyal drinker following. The Company&#146;s subsidiary
 Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science
currently has four brands
 including Angel City Brewery
 The Traveler Beer Co.
 Coney Island Brewery and the Concrete Beach Brewery. In 2015
 the Company began national distribution of certain styles of the Traveler Beer brand and the Coney Island
beer brand
The Company sells its beers and hard ciders in various packages. Kegs are sold primarily for
on-premise retailers
 which include bars
 restaurants and other venues
 and bottles and cans are sold primarily for off-premise retailers
 which include grocery stores
 club stores
 convenience stores and liquor stores. 
 is the Company&#146;s flagship beer that was first introduced in 1984. The
Samuel Adams Seasonal beers are brewed specifically for limited periods of time and include Samuel Adams Cold Snap
 Samuel Adams Summer Ale
 Samuel Adams Octoberfest
 and Samuel Adams Winter Lager. 

Samuel Adams Crystal Pale Ale was brewed and included in the Spring Seasonal Collection variety pack


 Samuel Adams Chocolate Bock
 Samuel Adams Holiday Porter and Samuel Adams Sparkling Ale were brewed and included in the Winter Classics variety pack. Additionally
 beginning in 2011 the
Company began limited releases of seasonal beers in various packages. These limited seasonal release beers currently include Samuel Adams Escape Route
 Samuel Adams Porch Rocker
 Samuel Adams Pumpkin Batch and Samuel Adams White Christmas. 

 the Company began a national rollout of Samuel Adams Rebel IPA
 a West Coast style IPA brewed with hops from the
Pacific Northwest
 in early 2014. During 2014 and 2015
 the 
 




Company added additional styles to support Samuel Adams Rebel IPA
 including Sam Adams Rebel Rouser IPA
 Samuel Adams Rebel Rider IPA
 Samuel Adams Grapefruit IPA and Samuel Adams Rebel Raw IPA.
The Samuel Adams Brewmaster&#146;s Collection is an important part of the Company&#146;s portfolio and heritage
 but receives limited promotional
support. The Small Batch Collection
 Barrel Room Collection and Limited Edition Beers and certain specialty variety packs are produced in limited quantities and are sold at higher prices than the Company&#146;s other products. The Company also
Since 2012
 the Twisted Tea and Angry
Orchard brand families have been available nationally. In 2015 the Company began national distribution of certain styles of the Traveler Beer brand and the Coney Island beer brand
 including Coney Island Hard Root Beer. All of these nationally
available brands are available in various packages
 including cans. The Company will continue to look for complementary opportunities to leverage its capabilities
 provided that they do not distract from its primary focus on its Samuel Adams brand.
The Company continually evaluates the performance of its various beers and hard cider styles and the rationalization of its product line as a whole.
Periodically
 the Company discontinues certain styles and packages
 such as Samuel Adams Double Agent IPL
 Samuel Adams White Lantern
 Samuel Adams Whitewater IPA
 Samuel Adams Noble Pils
 Angry Orchard Traditional Dry and Twisted Pink Lemonade that
were discontinued during 2015. Certain styles or brands discontinued in previous years may be produced for the Company&#146;s variety packs or reintroduced. 

 at similar
price points and through substantially the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally fall within the same regulatory environment. 
The Company is
committed to maintaining its position as a leading innovator in the Better Beer and hard cider categories by developing new beers and hard ciders. To that end
 the Company continually test brews different beers and hard ciders and occasionally sells
 in which homebrewers and employees of the
 six-pack in the following year. In 2015
 the Company sold over sixty Samuel Adams beers commercially and brewed many more test
brews. The Company&#146;s Boston Brewery spends most of its time ideating
 testing and developing beers and hard ciders for the Company&#146;s potential future commercial development. 

 the Company completed a two-year research effort to develop a can to improve the beer drinker&#146;s experience compared to the traditional can. The
features of this can were designed to enhance the drinking experience and include a wider lid with an opening slightly further from the edge of the lid
 an extended lip and an hourglass ridge. Currently
 Samuel Adams Boston Lager
 Samuel Adams
Seasonal Beers
 Samuel Adams Porch Rocker
 Samuel Adams Rebel IPA and some of the Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science beers are available in this uniquely-designed can. 

 the Company formed a subsidiary
 A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science
 headed by Alan Newman
 founder of Magic
Hat Brewing Company
 as a craft brew incubator. Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science is headquartered in Burlington
 Vermont. The mission of Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science is to find new opportunities in craft brewing
 which may be geographical or stylistic and
some may be with existing breweries or brewpubs. Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science has access to the brewing talents and broad resources of the Company
 as it looks for opportunities around the country. During 2012 and 2013
 Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science
purchased the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 a Los Angeles based craft brewer doing business as Angel City 
 




Brewing Company
 and the assets of the Coney Island beer brand and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing Company
 a New York based craft brewer. Since 2013
 Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science has
also developed and sold beers under The Traveler Beer Co. brand name
 including Illusive Traveler
 and other
shandy-style and fruit flavored beers. During 2015
 Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science built and opened two small breweries and beer halls
 one in Miami
 Florida
 named Concrete Beach Brewery
 and one in Brooklyn
 New York named the Coney Island Brewery.
Also in 2015
 the Company began national distribution of certain styles of the Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science Traveler Beer brand and the Coney Island beer brand
 including Coney Island Hard Root Beer. In 2015
 Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science annual net
Sales
 Distribution and Marketing 

importers or other agencies (collectively referred to as &#147;Distributors&#148;). These Distributors
 in turn
 sell the products to retailers
 such as pubs
 restaurants
 grocery stores
 convenience stores
 package stores
 stadiums and other retail
outlets
 where the products are sold to drinkers
 and in some limited circumstances to parties who act as sub-distributors. The Company sells its products predominantly in the United States
 but also has markets in Canada
 Europe
 Israel
 Australia
New Zealand
 the Caribbean
 the Pacific Rim
 Mexico
With few exceptions
 the Company&#146;s products are not the primary
brands in Distributors&#146; portfolios. Thus
 the Company
 in addition to competing with other beers and hard ciders for a share of the drinker&#146;s business
 competes with other brewers for a share of the Distributor&#146;s attention
 time and
selling efforts. During 2015
 the Company&#146;s largest customer accounted for approximately 7% of the Company&#146;s net sales. The top three Distributors collectively accounted for approximately 12% of the Company&#146;s net sales. In some states
and countries
 the terms of the Company&#146;s contracts with its Distributors may be affected by laws that restrict the enforcement of some contract terms
 especially those related to the Company&#146;s right to terminate the relationship. 

most of its orders from domestic Distributors in the first week of a month for products to be shipped the following month and the Distributor would then carry three to five weeks of packaged inventory (usually at ambient temperatures) and three to
In an effort to reduce both the time and temperature the Company&#146;s beers experience at Distributor warehouses before
reaching the retail market
 in late 2010 the Company introduced its Freshest Beer Program with domestic Distributors in several markets . The goal of the Freshest Beer Program is to provide better on-time service
 forecasting
 production planning
and cooperation with the Distributors
 while substantially reducing inventory levels at the Distributor. At the close of its 2015 fiscal year
 the Company had 139 Distributors participating in the program
 which constitutes approximately 71% of its
volume. The Company has successfully reduced the inventories of participating Distributors in the aggregate by approximately two weeks
 resulting in fresher beer being delivered to retail. The Freshest Beer Program has resulted in lower shipments of
approximately 87
000
 103
000 and 212
000 case equivalents in 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 as measured at the end of the year by evaluating the year-on-year inventory reduction from the inventory levels that might otherwise have been expected.
In 2015
 the Company began piloting a small group of distributors on a pure replenishment service model within our Freshest Beer Program
 which if successful would further reduce Distributor inventories. The ordering process has changed

Boston Beer has a sales force of approximately 420 people
 which the Company believes is one of the largest in the domestic beer
industry. The Company&#146;s sales organization is designed to develop and strengthen relations at the Distributor
 retailer and drinker levels by providing educational and promotional programs. The Company&#146;s sales force has a high level of
product knowledge and is trained in the details of the brewing and selling 
 




processes. Sales representatives typically carry samples of the Company&#146;s beers and hard ciders
 certain ingredients
 such as hops and barley
 and other promotional materials to educate
wholesale and retail buyers about the quality and taste of the Company&#146;s products. The Company has developed strong relationships with its Distributors and retailers
 many of which have benefited from the Company&#146;s premium pricing strategy
The Company also engages in media campaigns &#151; including television
 radio
 digital and social media
 billboards and print. These media
efforts are complemented by participation in sponsorships of cultural and community events
 local beer festivals
 industry-related trade shows and promotional events at local establishments
 to the extent permitted under local laws and regulations.
The Company uses a wide array of point-of-sale items (banners
 neons
 umbrellas
 glassware
 display pieces
 signs and menu stands) designed to stimulate impulse sales and continued awareness. 

 the Company launched its core philanthropic initiative
 Samuel Adams Brewing the American
. In partnership with ACCION
 the nation&#146;s largest non-profit micro-lender
 the program supports small business owners in the food
 beverage
 brewing and hospitality industries
through access to business capital
 coaching
 and new market opportunities. The goal is to help strengthen small businesses
 create local jobs and build vibrant communities. Since the inception of the Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream program
Samuel Adams and ACCION have worked together to loan more than $8.2 million to nearly 800 small business owners who have subsequently repaid these loans at a rate of more than 98%. Samuel Adams employees
 together with local business partners and
community organizations
 have provided coaching and mentoring to more than 6
000 business owners across the country. These efforts have helped to create or maintain more than 3
000 local jobs. 
The Company has been
successful to date in obtaining sufficient quantities of the ingredients used in the production of its beers and hard ciders. These ingredients include: 
 The two-row varieties of barley used in the Company&#146;s malt are mainly grown in the United States and Canada. The 2014 North
American barley crop
 which supported most 2015 malt needs
 was well below historical long term averages with regards to both quality and quantity
 driven by acreage declines and adverse weather events in key barley growing areas. The 2015 North
American barley crop
 which will support 2016 malt needs
 was generally consistent with historical long term averages with regards to both quality and quantity
 though quality from key areas in Canada was highly variable and below long term
averages. The 2014 barley crop prices booked early in the calendar year were at prices comparable to historical long term averages. The 2014 crop prices booked late in the calendar year
 as the impact of the weather events became clear
 were well
above historical long-term averages. The 2015 barley crop prices are consistent with historic long-term averages. There has been a long-term trend of declining acres and production in North America against relatively stable malt demand. The Company
purchased most of the malt used in the production of its beer from two suppliers during 2015. The Company currently has a multi-year contract with one of its suppliers and a 1 year agreement with the other supplier. The Company also believes that
. The Company uses Noble hop varieties for many of
its Samuel Adams beers and also uses hops grown in the United States
 England and New Zealand. Noble hops are grown in several specific areas recognized for growing hops with superior taste and aroma properties. These include Hallertau-Hallertauer
Tettnang-Tettnanger
 Hersbrucker and Spalt-Spalter from Germany and Saaz from the Czech Republic. The United States hops
 grown primarily in the Pacific Northwest
 namely Cascade
 Simcoe
 Centennial
 Chinook
 Citra
 Amarillo and Mosaic are used in
certain of the Company&#146;s ales and lagers
 as are the Southern Hemisphere hop varieties
 Galaxy and Nelson Sauvin. Traditional English hops
 namely
 East Kent Goldings and Fuggles
 are also used in certain of the Company&#146;s ales. Other hop
sources and varieties are also tested and used from time to time. 
 




and quantity due to warmer than normal temperatures and insufficient precipitation. The United States hop crop harvested in 2015 was consistent with historical long term averages with regards to quality
 with an increase in overall quantity driven
by expansion of planted acres in recent years. However
 the demand for certain hops grown in the United States has risen dramatically due to the success and proliferation of craft brewers and the popularity of beer styles that include hop varieties
grown in the United States
 with the result that certain United States hops are now in tight supply and prices have risen for both spot purchases and forward contract pricing
 accordingly. 

 based on the Company&#146;s projected future volumes and brewing needs. The
dealers either have the hops that are committed or will contract with farmers to meet the Company&#146;s needs. The contracts with the hop dealers are denominated in Euros for the German and Czech Republic hops
 in Pounds Sterling for the English
hops
 US Dollars for United States hops and New Zealand Dollars for the New Zealand hops. The Company does not currently hedge its forward currency commitments. 

significant under-delivery on European hop contracts on the hop crop harvested in 2015. However
 because the Company attempts to maintain up to a two-year supply of essential hop varieties on-hand in order to limit the risk of an unexpected
reduction in supply
The Company believes it has
adequate inventory and commitments for all hop varieties. This belief is based on expected growth and beer style mix
 all of which could ultimately be significantly different from what is currently planned. Variations to plan could result in hops
The Company stores its hops in multiple cold storage warehouses to minimize the
The Company uses multiple yeast strains for production of its beers and hard
ciders.&nbsp;While some strains are commercially available
 other strains are proprietary. Since the proprietary strains cannot be replaced if destroyed
 the Company protects these strains by storing multiple cultures of the same strain at different
The Company uses special varieties and origins of apples in its hard
ciders that it believes are important for their flavor profile. In 2015
 these apples were sourced primarily from European
 United States and New Zealand suppliers and include bittersweet apples from France and New Zealand and culinary apples from
Italy and Washington State. Purchases and commitments are denominated in Euros for European apples
 US Dollars for United States apples and New Zealand Dollars for the New Zealand apples. There is limited availability of some of these apple
varieties
 and many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 growers rotating from apples to other crops
 competitor demand
 government regulation and legislation affecting agriculture
 could affect both price and supply. The 2015 apple crops
in Europe
 the United States and New Zealand were consistent with historical long term averages. The Company has entered into contracts to cover its expected needs for 2016 and expects to realize full delivery against these contracts. 

experiment and develop new hard ciders. The Company may also use the apples harvested at the Orchard in small quantities in the Company&#146;s current hard ciders
 but
 given the current varieties of apples grown at the Orchard
 such use is likely
. The Company maintains competitive sources for most of the other ingredients used in its beers and
hard ciders. 
 



. The Company maintains competitive sources for the supply of certain packaging
materials
 such as shipping cases and glass. The Company enters into limited-term supply agreements with certain vendors in order to receive preferential pricing. In 2015
 cans
 crowns
 six pack carriers and labels were each supplied by a single
source; however
The Company initiates bottle deposits in some states and
reuses glass bottles that are returned pursuant to certain state bottle recycling laws. The Company derives some economic benefit from its reuse of returned glass bottles. The cost associated with reusing the glass varies
 based on the costs of
collection
 sorting and handling
 including arrangements with retailers
 Distributors and dealers in recycled products. There is no guarantee that the current economics relating to the use of returned glass will continue or that the Company will
continue to reuse returnable bottles. 

 2015
 the Company employed over twenty brew masters to monitor the Company&#146;s brewing operations and control the production of its
beers and hard ciders. Extensive tests
 tastings and evaluations are typically required to ensure that each batch of the Company&#146;s beers and hard ciders conform to the Company&#146;s standards. The Company has on-site quality control labs at
each of its Samuel Adams company-owned breweries
With the exception
of certain specialty products
 the Company includes a clearly legible &#147;freshness&#148; code on every bottle
 can and keg of its beers
 in order to ensure that its customers enjoy only the freshest products. Boston Beer was the first American
brewer to use this practice. 

 the Company brewed
 fermented and packaged over 95% of its core brand volume at breweries owned by the Company. The Company made capital
investments in 2015 of approximately $74.2 million. These investments were made to expand the quality
 capacity
 efficiency and capabilities of its breweries
 both to meet the 2015 growth and the anticipated future growth. The Company expects to
invest between $60 million and $80 million in 2016
 which is highly dependent on estimates of future growth and the capital investments to meet those volume growth estimates. The actual amount spent may well be different from these estimates. The
Company believes that by executing this capital plan and expanding its use of production arrangements with third parties
 it should be able to support its projected growth in 2016. The Company continues to evaluate capacity optimization at its
The Company also engages in various product development
activities. Such activities include researching market needs and competitive products
The Pennsylvania
Brewery and the Cincinnati Brewery produce most of the Company&#146;s shipment volume. The Pennsylvania Brewery is the Company&#146;s largest brewery and the Cincinnati Brewery is the primary brewery for the production of most of the Company&#146;s
specialty and lower volume products. The Boston Brewery&#146;s production is mainly for developing new types of innovative and traditional beers and brewing and packaging beers for retail sales on site and in the local market area. 

 New York
 opened in November 2015 and its production is mainly for developing new
The Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science
breweries include the Angel City Brewery
 Concrete Beach Brewery and Coney Island Brewery. The production at the Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science breweries is mainly for developing new types of innovative 
 




and traditional beers and supporting draft accounts in the respective local market areas and providing for on-premise consumption of its beers at its beer halls. 

 LLC
 to produce its products at facilities in Latrobe
Pennsylvania and an agreement with Shmaltz Brewing Company
 LLC to produce at facilities in Clifton Park
 New York. The Company carefully selects breweries and packaging facilities owned by others with (i)&nbsp;the capability of utilizing
traditional brewing
 fermenting and finishing methods and (ii)&nbsp;first-rate quality control capabilities throughout the process. Under its brewing and packaging arrangements with third parties
 the Company is charged a service fee based on units
produced at each of the facilities and bears the costs of raw materials
 risk
 excise taxes and deposits for pallets and kegs and specialized equipment required to brew and package the Company&#146;s malt beverages and hard ciders. 

 in the event that production at any of its brewing locations is interrupted
 although severe
interruptions at the Pennsylvania Brewery would be problematic
 especially in seasonal peak periods. In addition
 the Company may not be able to maintain its current economics if interruptions were to occur
 and could face significant delays in
starting up replacement brewing locations. Potential interruptions at breweries include labor issues
 governmental actions
 quality issues
 contractual disputes
 machinery failures
 operational shut downs
 or natural or unavoidable catastrophes.
Also
 as the brewing industry has consolidated and the Company has grown
 the capacity and willingness of breweries owned by others where the Company could brew some of its beers and hard ciders
 if necessary
 has become a more significant concern.
The Company continues to work with its contract brewers to attempt to minimize any potential disruptions. 

 imported beers with similar
pricing and target drinkers
 and efforts by large domestic brewers to enter this category. The Company anticipates competition and innovation among domestic craft brewers to remain strong
 as craft brewers experienced their eleventh successive year
of growth in 2015 and there were many new startups. The Company estimates there are over 5
000 craft breweries in operation or in the planning stages
 up from approximately 1
409 operating craft breweries in 2006. Also
 established craft breweries
are building more capacity
 expanding geographically
 and adding more SKUs and styles
 as Distributors and retailers are promoting and making more shelf space available for more craft beer brands. 

 such as Corona
 Heineken
and Modelo Especial
 continue to compete aggressively in the United States and have gained market share over the last ten years. Heineken and Constellation Brands (owner of the United States
Distribution rights to Corona and Modelo Especial) may have substantially greater financial resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company has. The two largest brewers in the United States
 MillerCoors and AB InBev
 have
entered the Better Beer category with domestic specialty beers
 either by developing their own beers
 acquiring
 in whole or part
 existing craft breweries
 importing and distributing foreign brewers&#146; brands or increasing their development and
marketing efforts on their own domestic specialty beers that might compete in the Better Beer category. In addition
 Miller Coors&#146; Tenth and Blake and AB InBev&#146;s High End Division have been formed as business units headquartered in the
During 2015
 there were numerous acquisitions announced in the beer
industry including AB InBev&#146;s $107 billion purchase of SAB Miller and the related sale by SAB Miller to MolsonCoors of its 58% share of the MillerCoors joint venture with MolsonCoors. Both of these transactions are scheduled to close during
2016 and are subject to various regulatory and financing requirements. There were also numerous announcements of acquisitions of or investments in craft brewers by larger breweries
 private equity and other investors. The most significant include
Heineken&#146;s acquisition of a 50% interest of Lagunitas Brewing Company for approximately $500 million
 Constellation Brands&#146; acquisition of Ballast Point Brewing&nbsp;&amp; Spirits for approximately $1&nbsp;billion

 




and AB InBev&#146;s purchase of multiple craft breweries
 including Elysian Brewing Company
 Golden Road Brewing
 Four Peaks Brewing Company and Breckenridge Brewery. During 2015
 Pabst Brewing
Company acquired an ownership interest in and entered into an exclusive distribution agreement to distribute nationally Small Town Brewery&#146;s brands
 including Not Your Fathers Hard Root
. Also
 during 2015
 Pabst Brewing Company entered a distribution agreement to distribute various United States cider brands of C&amp;C Group PLC
 including &#145;Woodchuck&#146;
The Company&#146;s products also compete with other alcoholic beverages for drinker attention and
consumption and the pace of innovation in the categories the Company competes in is increasing. In recent years
 wine and spirits have been competing more directly with beers. The Company monitors such activity and attempts to develop strategies
which benefit from the drinker&#146;s interest in trading up
The
Company competes with other beer and alcoholic beverage companies within a three-tier distribution system. The Company competes for a share of the Distributor&#146;s attention
 time and selling efforts. In retail establishments
 the Company competes
for shelf
 cold box and tap space. From a drinker perspective
 competition exists for brand acceptance and loyalty. The principal factors of competition in the Better Beer segment of the beer industry include product quality and taste
 brand
advertising and imagery
 trade and drinker promotions
 pricing
The Company distributes its products
through independent Distributors who also distribute competitors&#146; products. Certain brewers have contracts with their Distributors that impose requirements on the Distributors that are intended to maximize the Distributors&#146; attention
 time
and selling efforts on that brewer&#146;s products. These contracts generally result in increased competition among brewers as the contracts may affect the manner in which a Distributor allocates selling effort and investment to the brands included
in its portfolio. The Company closely monitors these and other trends in its Distributor network and works to develop programs and tactics intended to best position its products in the market. 

 including a long history of awards for product quality
 greater available
resources and the ability to distribute and promote its products on a more cost-effective basis. Additionally
 the Company believes it has competitive advantages over imported beers
 including lower transportation costs
 higher product quality
 a
The Company&#146;s Twisted Tea product line competes primarily within the FMB category of the beer
industry. FMB&#146;s
 such as Twisted Tea
 Smirnoff Ice
 Mike&#146;s Hard Lemonade


 are flavored malt beverages that are typically priced competitively with Better Beers. This category is highly
competitive due to
 among other factors
 the presence of large brewers and spirits companies in the category
 the advertising of malt-based spirits brands in channels not available to the parent brands and a fast pace of product innovation. 

international and domestic competitors
 as well as many small regional and local hard cider companies. Hard ciders are typically priced competitively with Better Beers and may compete for drinkers with beer
 wine
 spirits
 or FMBs. Some of these
competitors include C&amp;C Group PLC under the brand names &#145;Woodchuck&#146;
 &#145;Magners&#146; and &#145;Hornsby&#146;s&#146;; Heineken under the brand names &#145;Strongbow&#146;; AB InBev under &#145;Michelob Ultra Cider&#146; and
Regulation and Taxation
The alcoholic beverage industry is regulated by federal
 state and local governments. These regulations govern the production
 sale and distribution
of alcoholic beverages
 including permitting
 licensing
 marketing and advertising. To operate its breweries
 the Company must obtain and maintain numerous permits
 licenses and 
 




approvals from various governmental agencies
 including the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau
 the Food and Drug Administration
 state alcohol regulatory agencies and state and federal
Governmental entities may levy various taxes
 license fees and other similar charges and may require bonds to ensure compliance
with applicable laws and regulations. The federal excise tax on malt beverages is $18 per barrel
 on hard cider (with alcohol by volume of 7% or less) is $0.226 per gallon
 and on artificially carbonated wine (hard cider with alcohol by volume
greater than 7%) is $3.30 per gallon. States levy excise taxes at varying rates based on the type of beverage and alcohol content. Failure by the Company to comply with applicable federal
 state or local laws and regulations could result in higher
taxes
 penalties
 fees and suspension or revocation of permits
 licenses or approvals. While there can be no assurance that any such regulatory action would not have a material adverse effect upon the Company or its operating results
 the Company is
not aware of any infraction affecting any of its licenses or permits that would materially impact its ability to continue its current operations. 
The Company has obtained United States
trademark registrations for over 190 trademarks
 including Samuel Adams
&nbsp;the design logo of Samuel Adams


 Samuel Adams Boston Lager
 Samuel Adams Utopias


 Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream
 Angry Orchard


 Lazy River
 The Traveler Beer Co.


 Angel City Brewery
. It also has a number of common law marks
including Infinium&#153; and Know More Love More&#153;. The Samuel Adams trademark
 the Samuel Adams Boston Lager trademark
 the design logo of Samuel Adams
 the Twisted Tea trademark and other Company trademarks are also registered or have
registrations pending in various foreign countries. The Company regards its Samuel Adams family of trademarks and other trademarks as having substantial value and as being an important factor in the marketing of its products. The Company is not
aware of any trademark infringements that could materially affect its current business or any prior claim to the trademarks that would prevent the Company from using such trademarks in its business. The Company&#146;s policy is to pursue
Environmental
 Health and Safety Regulations and Operating
The Company&#146;s operations are subject to a variety of extensive and changing federal
 state and local environmental and
occupational health and safety laws
 regulations and ordinances that govern activities or operations that may have adverse effects on human health or the environment. Environmental laws
 regulations or ordinances may impose liability for the cost of
remediation of
 and for certain damages resulting from
 sites of past releases of hazardous materials. The Company believes that it currently conducts
 and in the past has conducted
 its activities and operations in substantial compliance with
applicable environmental laws
 and believes that any costs arising from existing environmental laws will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition or results of operations. 

 the Company has reused its glass bottles returned from certain states that have bottle deposit bills.
The Company believes that it benefits economically from washing and reusing these bottles
 which result in a lower cost than purchasing new glass
 and that it benefits the environment by the reduction in landfill usage
 the reduction of usage of raw
materials and the lower utility costs for reusing bottles versus producing new bottles. The economics of using recycled glass varies based on the cost of collection
 sorting and handling
 and may be affected by local regulation
 and retailer
Distributor and glass dealer behavior. There is no guarantee that the current economics of using returned glass will continue
 or that the Company will continue its current used glass practices. 

believes that it currently is in compliance with applicable requirements and will continue to endeavor to remain in compliance. There can be no assurances
 however
 that 
 




new and more restrictive requirements might not be adopted
 compliance with which might have a material
 adverse financial effect on the Company and its operating results
 or that such policies
and procedures will be consistently followed and be sufficient to prevent serious accidents. 

 2015
 the Company employed 1
429 people
 of which 104 were covered by collective bargaining agreements at the Cincinnati Brewery. The
collective bargaining agreements involve three labor unions
 with two contracts expiring in 2017 and one expiring in 2020. The Company believes it maintains a good working relationship with all three labor unions and has no reason to believe that
the good working relationship will not continue. The Company has experienced no work stoppages
 or threatened work stoppages
 and believes that its employee relations are good. 
The Company submitted the Section&nbsp;12(a) CEO
Certification to the New York Stock Exchange in accordance with the requirements of Section&nbsp;303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual.&nbsp;This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains at Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 the certifications of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 respectively
 in accordance with the requirements of Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Company makes available free of charge copies of its Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as well as
other reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 on the Company&#146;s website at 
 or upon written request to Investor Relations
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 One
Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02210. 



In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 the risks
described below should be carefully considered before deciding to invest in shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock. These are risks and uncertainties that management believes are most likely to be material and therefore are most
important for an investor to consider. The Company&#146;s business operations and results may also be adversely affected by additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to it
 or which it currently deems immaterial
 or which are similar to
those faced by other companies in its industry or business in general. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occurs
 the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows would likely suffer. In that
event
 the market price of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock could decline. 

 due to the increasing number of craft brewers with similar pricing and
target drinkers and gains in market share achieved by domestic specialty beers and imported beers
 and more recently the acquisition of craft brewers by the four largest market competitors
 AB InBev
 MillerCoors
 Constellation and Heineken. The
Company faces strong competition from these brewers as they acquire craft brewers
 or introduce new domestic specialty brands to many markets and expand their efforts behind existing brands. Imported beers


 Heineken
 also continue to compete aggressively in the
United States beer market. The Company anticipates competition among domestic craft brewers will remain strong
 as craft brewers experienced their eleventh successive year of growth in 2015 and there were many new startups. The Company estimates
there are now over 5
000 craft breweries in operation or in the planning stages up from 1
409 operating craft breweries in 2006. Also
 existing craft breweries are building more capacity
 expanding geographically
 adding more SKUs and styles as
Distributors and retailers are promoting and making more shelf space available for more craft beer brands. The continued growth in the sales of craft-brewed domestic beers and in imported beers is expected to increase the competition in the Better
Beer category within the United States beer market and
 as a result
 prices and market share of the Company&#146;s products may fluctuate and possibly decline. 
 




beer and beverage companies not only for drinker acceptance and loyalty
 but also for shelf
 cold box and tap space in retail establishments and for marketing focus by the Company&#146;s Distributors and their customers
 all of which also distribute
and sell other beers and alcoholic beverage products. Many of the Company&#146;s competitors
 including AB InBev
 MillerCoors
 Heineken and Constellation Brands
 have substantially greater financial resources
 marketing strength and distribution
networks than the Company. Moreover
 the introduction of new products by competitors that compete directly with the Company&#146;s products or that diminish the importance of the Company&#146;s products to retailers or Distributors may have a
Further
 the beer industry has seen continued consolidation among brewers
in order to take advantage of cost savings opportunities for supplies
 distribution and operations. Illustrative of this consolidation in 2015 is AB InBev&#146;s $107 billion purchase of SAB Miller and the related sale by SAB Miller to MolsonCoors
of its 58% share of the MillerCoors joint venture with MolsonCoors
 as well as Heineken&#146;s acquisition of a 50% interest of Lagunitas Brewing Company for approximately $500 million and Constellation Brand&#146;s acquisition of Ballast Point
Brewing&nbsp;&amp; Spirits for approximately $1 billion. Due to the increased leverage that these combined operations will have in distribution and sales and marketing expenses
 the costs to the Company of competing could increase and the
availability of contract brewing capacity could be reduced. The potential also exists for these large competitors to increase their influence with their Distributors
 making it difficult for smaller brewers to maintain their market presence or enter
new markets. These potential increases in the number and availability of competing brands
 the costs to compete
 reductions in contract brewing capacity and decreases in distribution support and opportunities may have a material adverse effect on
There Is No Assurance of Continued Growth. Conversely
 the Company May Not Be Able to Manage
The Company&#146;s future growth may be limited
 both by its ability to continue to increase its market share in domestic
and international markets
 including those markets that may be dominated by one or more regional or local craft breweries
 and by the increasing number of competitors in the craft beer and the Better Beer markets. The development of new products by
the Company may lead to reduced sales of the Company&#146;s other products
The Company&#146;s future
growth may also be limited by its ability to meet production goals and/or targets at the Company&#146;s owned breweries
 its ability to enter into new brewing contracts with third party-owned breweries on commercially acceptable terms
 disruption or
operating performance issues at the Company&#146;s owned breweries or limits on the availability of suitable production capacity at third party-owned breweries
 and its ability to obtain sufficient quantities of certain ingredients and packaging
materials
 such as hops
 malt
 cider ingredients
 bottles and cans
The Company has Significantly Increased its Product Offerings
and Distribution Footprint
The Company has significantly
increased the number of its commercially available beers
 FMBs and hard ciders that it produces.&nbsp;Since 2010
 the Company has introduced many new beers under the Samuel Adams brand name.&nbsp;During 2014 and 2015
 the Company significantly
increased distribution for both the Twisted Tea and Angry Orchard brand families
 as well as adding more styles and packages.&nbsp;Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science currently has four brands
 including three small breweries and retail beer halls where beer
is sold and consumed on-premise.&nbsp;In 2015
 the Company began national distribution of certain styles of the Traveler Beer brand and the Coney Island beer brand
 including Coney Island Hard Root Beer. Also in November 2015
 the Company opened the
Angry Orchard Innovation Cider House at its apple orchard located in Walden
 New York
 where hard cider is fermented
 sold and consumed on-premise. These additional brands and locations
 along with the increases in demand for existing brands
 have
added to the complexity of the Company&#146;s beer and hard cider development 
 




process
 as well as its brewing
 packaging
 marketing and selling processes. The Company does not have significant experience with managing this number of brands and products and has limited
experience with integrating acquired brands or operating small production facilities and retail operations.&nbsp;There can be no assurance that&nbsp;the Company&nbsp;will effectively manage such increased complexity
 without&nbsp;experiencing
operating inefficiencies or control deficiencies.&nbsp;Such inefficiencies or deficiencies could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. 
Unexpected Events at Company-Owned Production Facilities
 Reduced Availability of Breweries Owned by Others
 Increased Complexity of the Company&#146;s
Business
 or the Expansion Costs of the Company-Owned Breweries Could Have A Material Adverse Effect on the Company&#146;s Operations or Financial Results. 

 the Company pursued a production strategy that combined the capacity at its Cincinnati Brewery
 which was acquired in 1997
 with significant
production arrangements at breweries owned by third parties. The brewing services arrangements with breweries owned by others allowed the Company to utilize their excess capacity
 providing the Company with production flexibility
 as well as cost
advantages over its competitors
 while maintaining full control over the brewing process for its beers. The Company purchased the Pennsylvania Brewery in June 2008. As a result of that acquisition and the subsequent expansion of the Pennsylvania
Brewery&#146;s capacity
 the volume of core brands brewed at Company-owned breweries increased and currently over 95% of the Company&#146;s volume is brewed and packaged at breweries that it owns. 

 the Company brewed its flagship beer
 Samuel Adams Boston Lager
 at each of its three Samuel Adams breweries
 but at any particular time it may rely
on only one brewery for its products other than Samuel Adams Boston Lager. The Company expects to continue to brew most all of its core brands volume in 2016 at its Company-owned breweries. This reliance on its own breweries exposes the Company to
capacity constraints and risk of disruption of supply
 as these breweries are operating at or close to current capacity in peak months. Management believes that it has alternatives available to it
 in the event that production at any of its brewing
locations is temporarily interrupted
 although as volumes at the Pennsylvania Brewery increase
 severe interruptions there would be problematic
 particularly during peak season. In addition
 the Company may not be able to maintain its current
economics
 if interruptions were to occur
 and could face significant delays in starting replacement brewing locations. Potential interruptions at breweries include labor issues
 governmental action
 quality issues
 contractual disputes
 machinery
failures
The combination of the recent growth in the Company&#146;s business and product
complexity
 its addition of new employees
 and greater reliance on its own breweries
 continues to heighten the challenges presented by the Company&#146;s operations. In recent years
 the Company has had product shortages and service issues and the
Company&#146;s supply chain struggled under the increased volume and experienced increased operational and freight costs as it reacted. In response to these issues
 the Company has significantly increased its packaging capabilities and tank capacity
to address these challenges. There can be no assurance that the Company will effectively manage such increasing complexity without experiencing future planning failures
 operating inefficiencies
 insufficient employee training
 control deficiencies
or other issues that could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. The growth of the Company
 changes in operating procedures and increased complexity have required significant capital investment. The
The Company continues to avail
itself of capacity at third-party breweries. During 2015
 the Company brewed and/or packaged certain products under service contracts at facilities located in Latrobe
 Pennsylvania
 LaCrosse
 Wisconsin
 and Clifton Park
 New York. In selecting third
party breweries for brewing services arrangements
 the Company carefully weighs brewery&#146;s (i)&nbsp;capability of utilizing traditional brewing
 fermenting and finishing methods
 (ii)&nbsp;first rate quality control capabilities throughout the
production process. To the extent that the Company needs to avail itself of third-party brewing services arrangement
 it exposes itself to higher than planned costs of operating under such contract arrangements than would apply at the Company-owned
breweries 
 




or an unexpected decline in the brewing capacity available to it
 either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. The use of such third
party facilities also creates higher logistical costs and uncertainty in the ability to deliver product to the Company&#146;s customers efficiently and on time. 

 the capacity and willingness of breweries owned by others where the Company could
brew some of its beers
 if necessary
 has become a more significant concern and
 thus
 there is no guarantee that the Company&#146;s brewing needs will be met. The Company continues to work at its own Breweries
 and with its contract brewers to
attempt to minimize any potential disruptions. Nevertheless
 should an interruption occur
 the Company could experience temporary shortfalls in production and/or increased production and/or distribution costs and be required to make significant
capital investments to secure alternative capacity for certain brands and packages
 the combination of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. A simultaneous interruption at several of the
Company&#146;s production locations or an unexpected interruption at one of the Company-owned breweries would likely cause significant disruption
 increased costs and
 potentially
 lost sales. 
In
the United States
 where approximately 96% of its beer is sold
 the Company sells nearly all of its beer to independent beer Distributors for distribution to retailers and
 ultimately
 to drinkers. Although the Company currently has arrangements
with approximately 350 wholesale Distributors
 sustained growth will require it to maintain such relationships and possibly enter into agreements with additional Distributors. Changes in control or ownership within the current distribution network
could lead to less support of the Company&#146;s products. No assurance can be given that the Company will be able to maintain its current distribution network or secure additional Distributors on terms favorable to the Company. 

notice. While these distribution agreements contain provisions giving the Company enforcement and termination rights
 some state laws prohibit the Company from exercising these contractual rights. The Company&#146;s ability to maintain its existing
distribution arrangements may be adversely affected by the fact that many of its Distributors are reliant on one of the major beer producers for a large percentage of their revenue and
 therefore
 they may be influenced by such producers. If the
Company&#146;s existing distribution agreements are terminated
 it may not be able to enter into new distribution agreements on substantially similar terms
 which may result in an increase in the costs of distribution. 


 the Company started the implementation of its Freshest Beer Program with domestic Distributors to reduce both the time and temperature the
Company&#146;s beers experience at Distributor warehouses before reaching the market. Historically
 Distributors carry three to five weeks of packaged inventory (usually at ambient temperatures) and three to four weeks of draft inventory. The
Company&#146;s goal is to reduce this warehouse time through better on-time service
 forecasting
 production planning and cooperation with the Distributors. At December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company had 139 Distributors
 representing approximately 71%
of its volume
 participating in the program at various stages of inventory reduction. The Company has successfully reduced the inventories of participating Distributors by approximately two weeks
 resulting in fresher beer being delivered to retail.
The Freshest Beer Program has resulted in lower shipments of approximately 87
000
 103
000 and 212
000 case equivalents in 2015
 2014 and 2013 respectively as measured at the end of the year by evaluating the year on year inventory reduction from
the inventory levels that might otherwise have been expected. In 2015
 the Company began piloting a small group of distributors on a pure replenishment service model within our Freshest Beer Program
 which if successful would further reduce
Distributor inventories. The ordering process has changed significantly for Distributors that participate in the Freshest Beer Program and has resulted in a shorter 
 




period between order placement and shipment and posed much greater challenges for forecasting and production planning. Also
 changes to the Distributor ordering process has increased the
It is possible that the
Freshest Beer Program may not ultimately be successful; that its costs of implementation may exceed the value realized; or that the outcome of such inventory reductions may prove detrimental to the Company&#146;s business trends and ability to
execute at retail. The Company may encounter unexpected problems with forecasting
 accounting
 production and Distributor cooperation. These issues may in the past have led and in the future could lead to shortages and out of stocks of the
Company&#146;s products at the Distributor and retailer levels
 result in increased costs
 negatively impact Distributor relations
 and/or delay the Company&#146;s implementation of this program. 

 there necessarily remain implementation and execution issues to be
addressed. Additionally
 the Company experienced growth rates significantly higher than planned during 2013 and 2014 and such growth placed much greater stress on the Company&#146;s supply chain
 given the lower inventories at Distributors. As a
result
 the Company currently cannot predict the long-term success of this program
 the scope of its further implementation or the full extent of the costs or business impacts associated with the program that might be incurred. Although the Company
currently believes the program will
 in the long term
 be beneficial to its business
 there can be no assurances that this result will be achieved or
 if achieved
 to what extent. 

The Company is
Dependent on Key Suppliers
 Including Foreign Sources; Its Dependence on Foreign Sources Creates Foreign Currency Exposure for the Company; The Company&#146;s Use of Natural Ingredients Creates Weather and Crop Reliability and Excess Inventory
The Company purchases a substantial portion of the raw materials used in the brewing of its products
 including its
malt
 hops
 barley and other ingredients
 from a limited number of foreign and domestic suppliers. The Company purchased most of the malt used in the production of its beer from one major supplier during 2015. Nevertheless
 the Company believes that
there are other malt vendors available that are capable of supplying part of its needs. The Company is exposed to the quality of the barley crop each year
 and significant failure of a crop would adversely affect the Company&#146;s costs. 

taste and aroma properties and include Hallertau-Hallertauer
 Tettnang-Tettnanger
 Hersbruck-Hersbrucker and Spalt-Spalter from Germany and Saaz-Saazer from the Czech Republic. Noble hops are rare and more expensive than most other varieties of
hops. Traditional English hops
 namely
 East Kent Goldings and English Fuggles
 and/or United States hops are used in most of the Company&#146;s ales. The demand for hops grown in the United States has grown due to the success and growth of craft
brewers and the popularity of beer styles that include hops grown in the United States. Certain United States hops are in tight supply and prices have risen for both spot purchases and forward contract pricing
 accordingly. The Company enters into
purchase commitments with several hops dealers
 based on the Company&#146;s projected future volumes and brewing needs. The dealers then contract with farmers to meet the Company&#146;s needs. However
 the performance and availability of the hops
as with any agricultural product
 may be materially adversely affected by factors such as adverse weather or pests. Further
 the use of fertilizers and pesticides that do not conform to United States regulations
 the imposition of export/import
The Company attempts to
maintain up to a two years supply of essential hop varieties on-hand in order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. The Company stores its hops in multiple cold storage warehouses 
 




to minimize the impact of a catastrophe at a single site. Hops and malt are agricultural products and therefore many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 farmers rotating out of hops or
barley to other crops
 government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture
The Company uses special
varieties of apples in its ciders that it believes are important for the ciders&#146; flavor profile. These apples are sourced primarily from European
 United States and New Zealand suppliers and include bittersweet apples from France and New
Zealand and culinary apples from Italy and Washington State. There is limited availability of these apples and many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 farmers rotating from apples to other crops
 government regulations and legislation
affecting agriculture
 could affect both price and supply. In 2012
 the Company experienced shortages of apples
 primarily due to growth in excess of that planned
 that impacted the timing of shipments of its hard ciders to Distributors. During
2013
 2014 and 2015
 the Company did not experience any shortage of apples. The Company has entered into contracts to cover its expected needs for 2016 and expects to realize full delivery against these contracts. 

 the Company has not experienced material difficulties in obtaining timely delivery from its suppliers
 although the
Company has had to pay significantly above historical prices to secure supplies when inventory and supply have been tight. The Company&#146;s new product development can also be constrained by any limited availability of certain ingredients. Growth
rates higher than planned or the introduction of new products requiring special ingredients could create demand for ingredients greater than the Company can source. Although the Company believes that there are alternative sources available for some
of the ingredients and packaging materials
 there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to acquire such ingredients or packaging materials from substitute sources on a timely or cost effective basis
 in the event that current suppliers
could not adequately fulfill orders. The loss or significant reduction in the capability of a supplier to support the Company&#146;s requirements could
 in the short-term
 adversely affect the Company&#146;s business and financial results
 until
The Company&#146;s contracts for certain hops and apples that are payable in Euros
 Pounds Sterling and New
Zealand dollars
 and therefore
 the Company is subject to the risk that the Euro
 Pound or New Zealand dollar may fluctuate adversely against the U.S. dollar. The Company has
 as a practice
 not hedged this exposure
 although this practice is
regularly reviewed. Significant adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results. The cost of hops has increased in recent years due to the rising market
price of hops and exchange rate changes. The continuation of these trends will impact the Company&#146;s product cost and potentially the Company&#146;s ability to meet the demand for its beers. The Company buys some other ingredients and capital
The Company&#146;s accounting policy for
hops inventory and purchase commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#146;s expected future usage. The computation of the excess inventory requires management to
make certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 cancellation costs and supply
 among others. Actual results may differ materially from management&#146;s estimates. The Company continues to manage inventory levels and purchase
commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of hops on hand and hops under commitment. However
 changes in management&#146;s assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix and hops market conditions could result in future material
losses. 

 such as shipping cases and glass. The Company enters into limited-term
supply agreements with certain vendors in order to receive preferential pricing. In 2015
 cans
 crowns
 six pack carriers and labels were each supplied by single sources. Although the Company believes that alternative suppliers are available
 the
loss of any of the Company&#146;s packaging materials suppliers could
 in the short-term
 adversely affect the Company&#146;s results of 
 




operations
 cash flows and financial position until alternative supply arrangements were secured. Additionally there has been acquisition and consolidation activity in several of the packaging
supplier networks which could potentially lead to disruption in supply and changes in economics. If packaging costs continue to increase
 there is no guarantee that such costs can be fully passed along to drinkers through increased prices. The
Company has entered into long-term supply agreements for certain packaging materials that have shielded it from some cost increases. These contracts have varying lengths and terms and there is no guarantee that the economics of these contracts can
be replicated when renewed. The Company&#146;s inability to preserve the current economics on renewal could expose the Company to significant cost increases in future years. 

associated with reusing the glass varies. The Company believes that it benefits economically from cleaning and reusing these bottles
 which result in a lower cost than purchasing new glass
 and that it benefits the environment by the reduction in
landfill usage
 the reduction of usage of raw materials and the lower utility costs for reusing bottles versus producing new bottles. The economics of using recycled glass varies based on the cost of collection
 sorting and handling
 retailer
distributor and glass dealer behavior
 the availability of equipment and service providers that will clean bottles for reuse
 and may be adversely affected by changes in state regulation. There is no guarantee that the current economics of using
returned glass will continue
An Increase in Energy Costs Could Harm the
In the last five years
 the Company has experienced significant variation in direct and indirect energy costs
and energy costs could rise unpredictably. Increased energy costs would result in higher transportation
 freight and other operating costs
 including increases in the cost of ingredients and supplies. The Company&#146;s future operating expenses and
margins could be dependent on its ability to manage the impact of such cost increases. If energy costs increase
 there is no guarantee that such costs can be fully passed along to drinkers through increased prices. 


 the Company has made
 and expects to continue to make
 significant advertising and promotional expenditures to enhance its
brands
 even though these expenditures may adversely affect the Company&#146;s results of operations in a particular quarter or even for the full year
 and may not result in increased sales. Variations in the levels of advertising and promotional
expenditures have in the past caused
 and are expected in the future to continue to cause
 variability in the Company&#146;s quarterly results of operations. While the Company attempts to invest only in effective advertising and promotional
expenditures
 it is difficult to correlate such investments with sales results
 and there is no guarantee that the Company&#146;s expenditures will be effective in building brand equity or growing long term sales. 
The Company&#146;s Operations are Subject to Certain Operating Hazards Which Could Result in Unexpected Costs or Product Recalls That Could Harm the
The Company&#146;s operations are subject to certain hazards and liability risks faced by all brewers
 such as potential
contamination of ingredients or products by bacteria or other external agents that may be wrongfully or accidentally introduced into products or packaging
 or defective packaging and handling. Such occurrences may create bad tasting beer or cider
or pose risk to the integrity and safety of the packaging. These could result in unexpected costs to the Company and
 in the case of a costly product recall
 potentially serious damage to the Company&#146;s reputation for product quality
 as well as
claims for product liability. 
 



Changes in Tax
 Environmental and Other Regulations or Failure to Comply with Existing Licensing
 Trade or
The Company&#146;s business is highly regulated
by federal
 state and local laws and regulations regarding such matters as licensing requirements
 trade and pricing practices
 labeling
 advertising
 promotion and marketing practices
 relationships with Distributors
 environmental impact of
operations and other matters. These laws and regulations are subject to frequent reevaluation
 varying interpretations and political debate
 and inquiries from governmental regulators charged with their enforcement. Failure to comply with existing
laws and regulations relating to the Company&#146;s operations or any revisions to such laws and regulations or the failure to pay taxes or other fees imposed on the Company&#146;s operations and results could result in the loss
 revocation or
suspension of the Company&#146;s licenses
 permits or approvals
 and could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes in Public Attitudes and Drinker Tastes Could Harm the Company&#146;s Business. Regulatory Changes in Response to Public Attitudes Could
The alcoholic beverage industry has become the subject of considerable societal and political
attention in recent years
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related social problems
 including driving under the influence
 underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol
 including alcoholism. As an outgrowth of
these concerns
 the possibility exists that advertising by beer producers could be restricted
 that additional cautionary labeling or packaging requirements might be imposed
 that further restrictions on the sale of alcohol might be imposed or that
The domestic beer industry
 other than Better
Beers
 has experienced a slight decline in shipments over the last ten years. The Company believes that this slower growth is due to both declining alcohol consumption per person in the population and increased competition from wine and spirits
companies. If beer consumption in general were to come into disfavor among domestic drinkers
 or if the domestic beer industry were subjected to significant additional governmental regulations
 the Company&#146;s business could be materially
Certain states are considering or have passed laws and regulations that allow the sale and distribution of marijuana. It is possible
Impact of Changes in Drinker Attitudes on Brand
Equity and Inherent Risk of Reliance on the Company&#146;s Founder in the Samuel Adams

demands could adversely affect the strength of the brands and the revenue that is generated from that strength. It is possible that the Company could react to such changes and reposition its brands
 but there is no certainty that the Company would
be able to maintain volumes
 pricing power and profitability. It is also possible that marketing messages or other actions taken by the Company could damage the brand equities as opposed to building them. If such damage should occur
 it could have a
In addition to these inherent brand risks
 the founder and Chairman of the Company
 C. James
Koch
 is an integral part of the Company&#146;s Samuel Adams brand history
 equity and current and potential future brand messaging and the Company relies on the positive public perception of its founder. The role of Mr.&nbsp;Koch as founder
 brewer
and leader of the Company is emphasized as part of the Company&#146;s brand communication and has appeal to some drinkers. If Mr.&nbsp;Koch were not available to the Company to continue his active role
 his absence could negatively affect the
strength of the Company&#146;s messaging and
 accordingly
 the Company&#146;s growth prospects. The Company and its brands may also be impacted if Drinkers views of Mr.&nbsp;Koch were to 
 




negatively change. If either of these were to occur
 the Company might need to adapt its strategy for communicating its key messages regarding its traditional brewing processes
 brewing heritage
There Is
While the Company has from time to time in the
past been involved in material litigation
 it is not currently a party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. In
general
 while the Company believes it conducts its business appropriately in accordance with laws
 regulations and industry guidelines
 claims
 whether or not meritorious
 could be asserted against the Company that might adversely impact the
The Class B Shareholder Has Significant Influence over the Company
The Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is not entitled to any voting rights except for the right as a class to (1)&nbsp;approve certain
mergers
 charter amendments and by-law amendments and (2)&nbsp;elect a minority of the directors of the Company. Although not as a matter of right
 the Class&nbsp;A stockholders have also been afforded the opportunity to vote on an advisory basis on
executive compensation. Consequently
 the election of a majority of the Company&#146;s directors and all other matters requiring stockholder approval are currently decided by C.&nbsp;James Koch
 who is the founder and Chairman of the Company
 as the
holder of 100% of the outstanding shares of the Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock. As a result
 Mr.&nbsp;Koch is able to exercise substantial influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the composition of the board of
directors
 approval of equity-based and other executive compensation and other significant corporate and governance matters
 such as approval of the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm. This could have the effect of delaying
or preventing a change in control of the Company and makes most material transactions difficult or impossible to accomplish without the support of Mr.&nbsp;Koch. In addition
 Mr.&nbsp;Koch could transfer some shares of the Class B Common Stock to
others
The Company&#146;s
Volatility and uncertainty in
the financial markets and economic conditions may directly or indirectly affect the Company&#146;s performance and operating results in a variety of ways
 including: (a)&nbsp;prices for energy and agricultural products may rise faster than current
estimates
 including increases resulting from currency fluctuations; (b)&nbsp;the Company&#146;s key suppliers may not be able to fund their capital requirements
 resulting in disruption in the supplies of the Company&#146;s raw and packaging
materials; (c)&nbsp;the credit risks of the Company&#146;s Distributors may increase; (d)&nbsp;the impact of currency fluctuations on amounts owed to the Company by distributors that pay in foreign currencies; (e)&nbsp;the Company&#146;s credit
facility
 or portion thereof
 may become unavailable at a time when needed by the Company to meet critical needs; (f)&nbsp;overall beer consumption may decline; or (g)&nbsp;drinkers of the Company&#146;s beers may change their purchase preferences
and frequency
 which might result in sales declines. 

 as well as maintain financial and
accounting reporting accuracy to ensure compliance with all applicable laws. If the Company does not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure
 the Company could be subject to
transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 the loss of customers
 business disruptions
 or the loss of or damage to intellectual property 
 




through security breach. The Company recognizes that many groups on a world-wide basis have experienced increases in cyber attacks and other hacking activity. The Company has dedicated internal
and external resources to review and address such threats. However
 as with all large information technology systems
 the Company&#146;s systems could be penetrated by outside parties intent on extracting confidential or proprietary information
corrupting information
 disrupting business processes
 or engaging in the unauthorized use of strategic information. Such unauthorized access could disrupt business operations and could result in the loss of assets or revenues
 remediation costs or
damage to the Company&#146;s reputation
 as well as litigation against the Company by third parties adversely affected by the unauthorized access. Such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business and financial results.
The Company also relies on third parties for supply of software
 software and data hosting and telecommunications and networking
 and is reliant on those third parties for the quality and integrity of these complex services. Failure by a third party
supplier could have material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s ability to operate. 



The Company has not received any written comments from the staff of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) regarding the Company&#146;s periodic or current reports that (1)&nbsp;the Company believes are material
 (2)&nbsp;were issued not less than 180 days before the end of the Company&#146;s 2015
fiscal year
 and (3)&nbsp;remain unresolved. 



The Company maintains its principal corporate offices in approximately 54
200 square feet of
leased space located in Boston
 Massachusetts
 the term of which is set to expire in 2026. The Company also leases small offices in California and Vermont. 

 Massachusetts in approximately 37
000 square feet of leased space. The current term of the lease
for this facility will expire in 2019
The Company owns approximately 76 acres
of land in Breinigsville
 Pennsylvania
 consisting of the two parcels on which the Company&#146;s Pennsylvania Brewery is located. The buildings on this property consist of approximately 1&nbsp;million square feet of brewery and warehouse space.
The Company owns approximately 10 acres of land in Cincinnati
 Ohio
 on which the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery is located
 and leases
 with an
option to purchase
 approximately 1 acre of land from the City of Cincinnati which abuts its property. The buildings on this property consist of approximately 128
500 square feet of brewery and warehouse space. 

 New York
 consisting of an apple orchard and certain buildings
 including a small cidery and tour
center. The small cidery and tour center on this property consist of approximately 15
The Company leases approximately 48
650
square feet of space in Los Angeles
 California
 which houses a small brewery
 beer hall and tour center. The current term of the lease for this facility will expire in 2021. 

365 square feet of space in Miami
 Florida
 which houses a small brewery
 beer hall and tour center. The current term of
The Company leases approximately 1
500 square feet of space within the retail section of MCU Park in
Brooklyn
 New York
 which houses a small brewery and tasting room. The current term of the lease for this facility will expire in 2019. 
 




 Massachusetts. In January 2015
 the Company entered into
an agreement for the sale of this land. The closing of the sale is now expected to occur in the first quarter of 2016
 subject to buyer due diligence and certain other conditions. 

terms as required. 



The Company is currently not a party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the
outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 








Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 2011 in each of the Company&#146;s stock (&#147;The Boston Beer Company
Inc.&#148;)
 the Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s 500 Index (&#147;S&amp;P 500 Index&#148;)
 the Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s 500 Beverage Index
 which consists of producers of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages (&#147;S&amp;P 500 Beverages
Index&#148;) and a custom peer group which consists of Molson Coors Brewing Company and Craft Brewers Alliance
 Inc. (formerly Redhook Ale Brewery
 Inc.)
 the two remaining U.S. publicly-traded brewing companies (&#147;Peer Group&#148;)
 for the
five years ending December&nbsp;26
 2015. 
















































The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
















































































































































The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.

































































































































































 





The Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange. The Company&#146;s NYSE
symbol is SAM. For the fiscal periods indicated
 the high and low per share sales prices for the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. as reported on the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transaction Reporting System were as
follows: 















































































































There were 10
248 holders of record of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as of February&nbsp;12
 2016. Excluded
from the number of stockholders of record are stockholders who hold shares in &#147;nominee&#148; or &#147;street&#148; name. The closing price per share of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as of February&nbsp;12
 2016
 as reported under
the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transaction Reporting System
 was $185.04. 

 2015
 the Company had 22
700
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 9
449
927 were issued
and outstanding
 which includes 60
922 shares that have trading restrictions. The Class&nbsp;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except (1)&nbsp;as required by law
 (2)&nbsp;for the election of Class&nbsp;A Directors
 and (3)&nbsp;that the approval
of the holders of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is required for (a)&nbsp;future authorizations or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 (b)&nbsp;alterations of rights or terms of the Class&nbsp;A
or Class B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of 
 




Organization of the Company
 (c)&nbsp;certain other amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&nbsp;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
and (e)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s assets. 

 2015
 the Company had 4
200
000 authorized shares of Class B Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 3
367
355&nbsp;shares were
issued and outstanding. The Class B Common Stock has full voting rights
 including the right to (1)&nbsp;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors and (2)&nbsp;approve all (a)&nbsp;amendments to the Company&#146;s
Articles of Organization
 (b)&nbsp;mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s assets and (d)&nbsp;equity-based and other executive compensation
and other significant corporate matters
 such as approval of the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm. The Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class B Common Stock is freely
convertible into one share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
As of February&nbsp;12
 2016
 C. James Koch
 the
Company&#146;s Chairman
The holders of the
Class&nbsp;A and Class B Common Stock are entitled to dividends
 on a share-for-share basis
 only if and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Company out of funds legally available for payment thereof. Since its inception
 the Company has
not paid dividends and does not currently anticipate paying dividends on its Class&nbsp;A or Class B Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 


 2016
 the Board of Directors of the Company increased the aggregate expenditure limit for the Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program by
$50.0&nbsp;million
 thereby increasing the limit from $525.0&nbsp;million to $575.0&nbsp;million. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 11.5&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
During the twelve months ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company repurchased 617
274
shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as illustrated in the table below: 


































December&nbsp;28
 2014 to January&nbsp;31
 2015

















920



February&nbsp;1
 2015 to February&nbsp;28
 2015















920



March&nbsp;1
 2015 to March&nbsp;28
 2015

















122



March&nbsp;29
 2015 to May&nbsp;2
 2015

















328



May&nbsp;3
 2015 to May&nbsp;30
 2015















328



May&nbsp;31
 2015 to June&nbsp;27
 2015

















830



June&nbsp;28
 2015 to August&nbsp;1
 2015

















163



August&nbsp;2
 2015 to August&nbsp;29
 2015

















816



August&nbsp;30
 2015 to September&nbsp;26
 2015

















819



September&nbsp;27
 2015 to October&nbsp;31
 2015

















410



November&nbsp;1
 2015 to November&nbsp;28
 2015

















908



November&nbsp;29
 2015 to December&nbsp;26
 2015

















906







































906





















 




 527 shares represent repurchases of unvested investment
shares issued under the Investment Share Program of the Company&#146;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan. 




















































(in thousands
 except per share and net revenue per barrel data)




























024





































































































































































































Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses






































































































































































































Other expense
 net






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































In this Form 10-K and in other
documents incorporated herein
 as well as in oral statements made by the Company
 statements that are prefaced with the words &#147;may
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;continue
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148;
&#147;project
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;designed
&#148; and similar expressions
 are intended to identify forward-looking statements regarding events
 conditions
 and financial trends that may affect the Company&#146;s future plans of
operations
 business strategy
 results of operations
 and financial position. These statements are based on the 
 




Company&#146;s current expectations and estimates as to prospective events and circumstances about which the Company can give no firm assurance. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only
as of the date on which such statement is made
 and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of
actual future financial condition or results. These forward-looking statements
 like any forward-looking statements
 involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Such risks
and uncertainties include the factors set forth above and the other information set forth in this Form&nbsp;10-K. 

 to a lesser extent
 in
selected international markets. The Company&#146;s revenues are derived by selling its beers and hard ciders to Distributors
 who in turn sell the products to retailers and drinkers. 

 which includes imported beers and craft beers. This category has seen high
single-digit compounded annual growth over the past ten years. Defining factors for Better Beer include superior quality
 image and taste
 supported by appropriate pricing. The Company believes that the Better Beer category is positioned to increase
market share
 as drinkers continue to trade up in taste and quality. The Company estimates that in 2015 the craft beer category percentage volume growth was in the mid to high teens
 the Better Beer category volume was up approximately 9%
 and the
total beer category was essentially flat. The Company believes that the Better Beer category is approximately 27% of United States beer consumption by volume. The Company estimates the Hard Cider category to be approximately 1% of the total beer
category and believes it has many characteristics similar to the Better Beer category. The Company believes that significant opportunity continues to exist for the Better Beer and Hard Cider categories to gain market share in the total beer
category. Depletions or Distributor sales to retailers of the Company&#146;s beers and hard ciders
 increased approximately 4% in 2015 from the comparable 52 week period in the prior year. 
Year-to-date depletions reported to the Company
for the 6&nbsp;weeks ended February&nbsp;6
The
Company is targeting earnings per diluted share for 2016 of between $7.60 and $8.00
 but actual results could vary significantly from this target. The 2016 fiscal year includes 53&nbsp;weeks compared to the 2015 fiscal year which included only
52&nbsp;weeks. The Company is currently planning that 2016 depletions and shipments percentage growth will be in the mid-single digits. The Company is targeting national price increases of between 1% and 2%. Full-year 2016 gross margins are
currently expected to be between 52% and 54%. The Company intends to increase advertising
 promotional and selling expenses by between $10&nbsp;million and $20&nbsp;million for the full year 2016
 which does not include any increases in freight
costs for the shipment of products to its Distributors. The Company intends to increase its investment in its brands in 2016 commensurate with the opportunities for growth that it sees
 but there is no guarantee that such increased investments will
The Company is continuing to evaluate 2016
capital expenditures. Its current estimates are between $60&nbsp;million and $80&nbsp;million
 consisting mostly of continued investments in the Company&#146;s breweries. The actual total amount spent on 2016 capital expenditures may well be
different from these estimates. Based on information currently available
 the Company believes that its capacity requirements for 2016 can be covered by its Company-owned breweries and existing contracted capacity at third-party brewers. 
 



 

 Boston Beer&#146;s &#147;core brands&#148; or &#147;core
products&#148; include all products sold under the Samuel Adams
 Twisted Tea
 Angry Orchard and various Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science trade names. &#147;Core products&#148; do not include the products brewed or packaged at the Company&#146;s brewery in
Cincinnati
 Ohio (the &#147;Cincinnati Brewery&#148;) under a contract arrangement for a third party. Sales of such products are not significant to the Company&#146;s net revenues. 





































































































































































Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

































































































Other expense
 net
































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 (52 weeks) Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 (52 weeks) 
Net revenue increased by $56.9&nbsp;million
 or 6.3%
 to $959.9&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to
$903.0&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
Volume.

256
000 barrels for the year ended December&nbsp;26 2015 includes shipments of core brands of 4
241
000 barrels and other shipments of 15
000 barrels. Shipment volume for core brands increased by 3.6% over comparable
2014 levels of 4
093
000 barrels
 due primarily to increases in shipments of Coney Island
 Twisted Tea
 Angry Orchard and Traveler brand products that were only partially offset by shipment declines in Samuel Adams brand products. 

 or sales by Distributors to retailers
 of the Company&#146;s core products for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 increased by approximately 4%
compared to the prior year
 primarily due to increases in depletions of Twisted Tea
 Coney Island
 Angry Orchard and Traveler brand products that were only partially offset by declines in depletions of Samuel Adams brand products. 
 



 The net revenue per barrel for core brands increased by 2.6% to $226.18 per barrel
for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to $220.46 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 due primarily to price increases and changes in product and package mix. 

 bottles and
cans.&nbsp;Assuming the same level of production
 a shift in the mix from bottles and cans to kegs would effectively decrease revenue per barrel
 as the price per equivalent barrel is lower for kegs than for bottles and cans.&nbsp;The percentage of
bottles and cans to total shipments increased by 1.7% to 78.7% of total shipments for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 as compared to the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. 
 Gross profit for core products was $118.29 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to $113.55 per barrel for
the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. Gross margin for core products was 52.3% for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to 51.5% for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. The increase in gross profit per barrel of $4.74 is primarily
due to an increase in net revenue per barrel
Cost of goods sold for core brands was
$107.89 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to $106.91 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. The 2015 increase in cost of goods sold of $0.98 per barrel of core product is primarily due to product and
package mix and higher brewery operating costs
The Company includes freight charges related to the movement
of finished goods from manufacturing locations to Distributor locations in its advertising
 promotional and selling expense line item. As such
 the Company&#146;s gross margins may not be comparable to other entities that classify costs related to
Advertising
 promotional and selling. 
 promotional and selling expenses
 increased $22.9 million
 or 9.2%
to $273.6 million for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to $250.7 million for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. The increase was primarily a result of increased media advertising of $14.6 million
 increased costs for additional
Advertising
 promotional and selling for
core brands were 28.5% of net revenue
 or $64.53 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to 27.8% of net revenue
 or $61.25 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. The Company will invest in advertising and
promotional campaigns that it believes are effective
The Company conducts
certain advertising and promotional activities in its Distributors&#146; markets
 and the Distributors make contributions to the Company for such efforts. These amounts are included in the Company&#146;s statement of operations as reductions to
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Historically
 contributions from Distributors for advertising and promotional activities have amounted to between 2% and 4% of net sales. The Company may adjust its promotional efforts in the
Distributors&#146; markets
 if changes occur in these promotional contribution arrangements
General
and administrative. 
 or 8.5%
 to $71.6&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 as compared to $66.0&nbsp;million for the comparable period in 2014. The increase
was primarily due to increases in salary and benefit expenses
 For the year ended
December&nbsp;26
 2015
the Company incurred impairment charges of $0.3&nbsp;million
 based upon its review of the carrying values of its property
 plant and equipment. 
 For the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 an aggregate of $6.7&nbsp;million in stock-based compensation expense is
included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses and general and 
 




administrative expenses. Stock compensation decreased by $0.2 million in 2015 compared to 2014
 primarily due to performance not being achieved on certain awards granted during 2015. 
The Company&#146;s effective tax rate for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 of 36.5% decreased from the year ended
December&nbsp;27
 2014 rate of approximately 37.7%. This decrease was primarily the result of an increased federal manufacturing deduction and lower state tax rates. 
Year Ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 (52 weeks) Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;28
 2013 (52 weeks) 
Net revenue increased by $164.0 million
 or 22.2%
 to $903.0 million for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared to $739.1
million for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013
Total shipment volume of 4
103
000 barrels for
the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 includes shipments of core brands of 4
093
000 barrels and other shipments of 10
000 barrels. Shipment volume for core brands increased by 20.3% over comparable 2013 levels of 3
403
000 barrels
 due primarily to
increases in shipments of Angry Orchard
 Samuel Adams
Depletions
 or sales by Distributors to retailers
 of the
Company&#146;s core products for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 increased by approximately 22% compared to the prior year
 primarily due to increases in depletions of Angry Orchard
 Samuel Adams
 Twisted Tea and Traveler brand products. 
 The net revenue per barrel for core brands increased by 1.6% to $220.46 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
as compared to $216.94 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013
 due primarily to price increases and changes in product and package mix. 

 bottles and
cans.&nbsp;Assuming the same level of production
 a shift in the mix from bottles and cans to kegs would effectively decrease revenue per barrel
 as the price per equivalent barrel is lower for kegs than for bottles and cans.&nbsp;The percentage of
bottles and cans to total shipments increased by 1.1% to 77.0% of total shipments for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 as compared to the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013. 
 Gross profit for core products was $113.55 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared to $113.03 per barrel for
the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013. Gross margin for core products was 51.5% for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared to 52.1% for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013. The increase in gross profit per barrel of $0.52 is primarily
due to an increase in net revenue per barrel
Cost of goods sold for core brands was
$106.91 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared to $103.91 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013. The 2014 increase in cost of goods sold of $3.00 per barrel of core product is due to increased ingredients
costs
The Company includes freight charges related to the movement of finished goods from
manufacturing locations to Distributor locations in its advertising
 promotional and selling expense line item. As such
 the Company&#146;s gross margins may not be comparable to other entities that classify costs related to distribution
Advertising
 promotional and selling. 
 promotional and selling expenses
 increased $42.8&nbsp;million
 or 20.6%
 to
$250.7 million for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared to $207.9 million for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013. The increase was primarily a result of increased media advertising of $14.0&nbsp;million
 increased freight to
Distributors of $12.3 million due to higher volumes
 increased local marketing of 
 




$10.4&nbsp;million
 increased costs for additional sales personnel and commissions of $8.9&nbsp;million and increased point of sale of $3.7&nbsp;million. 

 promotional and selling for core brands were 27.8% of net revenue
 or $61.25 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared
to 28.2% of net revenue
 or $61.10 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2013. The Company will invest in advertising and promotional campaigns that it believes are effective
 but there is no guarantee that such investment will generate
The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities in its Distributors&#146; markets
 and the Distributors make
contributions to the Company for such efforts. These amounts are included in the Company&#146;s statement of operations as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Historically
 contributions from Distributors for advertising and
promotional activities have amounted to between 2% and 4% of net sales. The Company may adjust its promotional efforts in the Distributors&#146; markets
 if changes occur in these promotional contribution arrangements
 depending on the industry and
General and administrative expenses increased by $3.7&nbsp;million
 or 5.8%
 to $66.0&nbsp;million
for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 as compared to $62.3&nbsp;million for the comparable period in 2013. The increase was primarily due to increases in salary costs. 
 For the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company incurred impairment charges of $1.8&nbsp;million based upon its review of
the carrying values of its property
 plant and equipment
 primarily due to a $1.6&nbsp;million change in the estimated fair value of machinery that is intended to be replaced in early 2015. 
 For the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 an aggregate of $6.9&nbsp;million in stock-based compensation expense is
included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses and general and administrative expenses. Stock compensation decreased by $0.5&nbsp;million in 2014 compared to 2013
 primarily due to decreased awards granted during 2014. 
The Company&#146;s effective tax rate for the year ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 of 37.7% increased from the year ended
December&nbsp;28
 2013 rate of approximately 37.5%. This increase was primarily a result of a federal income tax audit settlement during 2013. 
Cash increased to
$94.2&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 from $76.4 million as of December&nbsp;27
 2014
 reflecting cash provided by operating activities that was partially offset by purchases of property
 plant and equipment and repurchase of Class&nbsp;A
Cash provided by or used in operating activities consists of net income
 adjusted for certain non-cash items
 such as depreciation and
amortization
 stock-based compensation expense and related excess tax benefit
 other non-cash items included in operating results
 and changes in operating assets and liabilities
 such as accounts receivable
 inventory
 accounts payable and accrued
Cash provided by operating activities in 2015 was $168.7&nbsp;million and primarily consisted of net income of $98.4&nbsp;million
 non-cash
items of $42.1&nbsp;million and a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of $28.2&nbsp;million. Cash provided by operating activities in 2014 totaled $141.2&nbsp;million and primarily consisted of net income of $90.7&nbsp;million
 non-cash
The Company used $74.2&nbsp;million in investing
activities during 2015
 as compared to $151.8&nbsp;million during 2014. Investing activities primarily consisted of discretionary equipment purchases to increase capacity of the Company-owned breweries. 
 




 as compared to $37.5&nbsp;million provided
by financing activities during 2014. The $114.2&nbsp;million difference in financing cash flow in 2015 from 2014 is primarily due to an increase in stock repurchases under the Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program partially offset by an increase
During the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company repurchased
approximately 616
700 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $138.7&nbsp;million. On February&nbsp;10
 2016
 the Board of Directors approved an increase of $50.0&nbsp;million to the previously approved $525.0
million share buyback expenditure limit
 for a new limit of $575.0&nbsp;million. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company had repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 11.5&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate
From December&nbsp;27
 2015 through February&nbsp;12
 2016
 the Company repurchased 184
000 additional shares of
its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for a total cost of $33.0&nbsp;million. As of February&nbsp;12
 2016
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 11.7&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of $479.1&nbsp;million. The Company has approximately $95.9&nbsp;million remaining on the $575.0&nbsp;million stock repurchase expenditure limit set by the Board of Directors. 

 2015 of $94.2&nbsp;million
 along with future operating cash flow and the Company&#146;s
unused line of credit of $150.0&nbsp;million
 will be sufficient to fund future cash requirements. The Company&#146;s $150.0&nbsp;million credit facility has a term not scheduled to expire until March&nbsp;31
 2019. As of the date of this filing
the Company was not in violation of any of its covenants to the lender under the credit facility and there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility. 
The discussion and analysis
of the Company&#146;s financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial
statements requires the Company to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and
analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances
 and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. The more judgmental estimates are summarized below. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they
become known. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from the Company&#146;s estimates if past experience
or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. 

 determined on a first-in
 first-out basis
 or market value. The Company enters into multi-year purchase
commitments in order to secure adequate supply of ingredients and packaging
 to brew and package its products. Inventory on hand and under purchase commitments totaled approximately $193.8&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;26
 2015. The Company&#146;s
provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on management&#146;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on hand and under contract. Forecasting usage involves significant judgments regarding future demand for the Company&#146;s
various existing products and products under development as well as the potency and shelf-life of various ingredients. A significant change in the timing or level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in
recording additional provisions for excess or expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess or expired inventory are recorded as a cost of goods sold and have historically been adequate to provide for losses on its raw materials. Provision
for excess or expired inventory included in cost of goods sold was $4.0&nbsp;million
 $6.1&nbsp;million
 and $4.9&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013. 
 



 

 plant and equipment which are depreciated over their estimated useful lives. The carrying value of
property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
 at December&nbsp;26
 2015 was $409.9&nbsp;million. For purposes of determining whether there are any impairment losses
 management has historically examined the carrying value of the
Company&#146;s identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when indicators of impairment are present. Evaluations of whether indicators of impairment exist involve judgments regarding the current and future business environment and
the length of time the Company intends to use the asset. For all long-lived assets
 if an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such loss would be charged to expense in
the period the impairment is identified. Estimating the amount of impairment
 if any
 requires significant judgments including identification of potential impairments
 market comparison to similar assets
 estimated cash flows to be generated by the
asset
 discount rates
 and the remaining useful life of the asset. Impairment of assets was $0.3&nbsp;million
 $1.8&nbsp;million
 and $1.6&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2015
 2014 and 2013. 
Net revenue includes product sales
less customer programs and incentives
 reserves for stale beer returns and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the Company
The Company is committed to maintaining the freshness of the product in the market. In certain
circumstances and with the Company&#146;s approval
 the Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by Distributors. The Company credits approximately fifty percent of the Distributor&#146;s cost of the beer that has passed its
expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical returns and knowledge of specific return transactions. Estimating this reserve involves
significant judgments and estimates
 including comparability of historical return trends to future trends
 lag time from date of sale to date of return
 and product mix of returns. Historically
 the cost of actual stale beer returns has been in line
with established reserves
 however
 the cost could differ materially from the estimated accrual which would impact revenue. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the stale beer reserve was $3.3 million and $2.4 million
respectively. 

 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the
alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as
reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic&nbsp;605-50


totaled $55.3&nbsp;million
 $52.4&nbsp;million and $40.4&nbsp;million in fiscal year 2015
 2014 and 2013
Customer promotional discount
programs are entered into with Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2015
 2014 and 2013 were $33.2&nbsp;million
 $28.5&nbsp;million and $23.1&nbsp;million
respectively. The reimbursements for discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. The agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain Distributors&#146; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the
total discounted amount. The computation of the discount allowance requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid
have historically been in line with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated allowance. 
 




marketing and advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#146;s products may include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
promotional programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2015
 2014 and 2013 were $22.1&nbsp;million
 $23.9&nbsp;million and $17.3&nbsp;million
respectively. In fiscal 2015
 2014 and 2013
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of $16.6&nbsp;million
 $18.7&nbsp;million and $13.4&nbsp;million respectively as reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized in net revenues
include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising
expenditures in local markets. These costs are recorded as incurred
 generally when invoices are received; however certain estimates are required at period end. Estimates are based on historical and projected experience for each type of program or
In connection with its preparation of financial statements and other financial
reporting
 management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions regarding the amount and timing of expenditures resulting from these activities. Actual expenditures incurred could differ from management&#146;s estimates and assumptions.


 bottles and cans are shipped on pallets to
Distributors. Deposits held by the Company at December&nbsp;26
 2015 totaled approximately $18.9&nbsp;million. Most all kegs and pallets are owned by the Company. Upon shipment of beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on
the kegs and pallets. The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods. The Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related
deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. The Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs and
pallets held by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits could differ from these
The Company
accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with the fair value recognition provisions of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718
. Stock-based compensation was $6.7&nbsp;million
$6.9&nbsp;million
 and $7.3&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. Various option-pricing models are used to calculate the fair value of options. All option-pricing models require the input of subjective assumptions. These
assumptions include the estimated volatility of the Company&#146;s common stock price over the expected term
 the expected dividend rate
 the estimated post-vesting forfeiture rate
 the risk-free interest rate and expected exercise behavior. 

 an estimated pre-vesting forfeiture rate is applied in the recognition of the compensation charge. Periodically
 the Company grants
performance-based stock options
 related to which it only recognizes compensation expense if it is probable that performance targets will be met. Consequently
 at the end of each reporting period
 the Company estimates whether it is probable that
performance targets will be met. Changes in the subjective assumptions and estimates can materially affect the amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
Income tax expense was $56.6 million
 $54.9
million and $42.1 million in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the 
 




recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements or tax
returns. This results in differences between the book and tax basis of the Company&#146;s assets
 liabilities and carry-forwards such as tax credits. In estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes
in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided to the extent deemed necessary when realization of deferred tax assets appears unlikely. 

state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax
jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax returns. Historically
 the valuation allowances and reserves for uncertain tax positions have been adequate to cover the
The
alcoholic beverage industry is highly regulated at the federal
 state and local levels. The Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&#147;TTB&#148;) and the Justice Department&#146;s Bureau of Alcohol
 Tobacco
 Firearms and Explosives enforce laws
under the Federal Alcohol Administration Act. The TTB is responsible for administering and enforcing excise tax laws that directly affect the Company&#146;s results of operations. State and regulatory authorities have the ability to suspend or
revoke the Company&#146;s licenses and permits or impose substantial fines for violations. The Company has established strict policies
 procedures and guidelines in efforts to ensure compliance with all applicable state and federal laws. However
the loss or revocation of any existing license or permit could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business
 results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. 

distribute similar products that have similar pricing and target drinkers. The Company believes that its pricing is appropriate given the quality and reputation of its core brands
 while realizing that economic pricing pressures may affect future
pricing levels. Certain major domestic brewers have also developed brands to compete within the Better Beer
 FMB and hard cider categories and have acquired interests in craft beers and hard cider makers
 or importation rights to foreign brands.
Import brewers and major domestic brewers are able to compete more aggressively than the Company
 as they have substantially greater resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company. The Company anticipates craft beer
competition increasing as craft brewers have benefited from eleven years of healthy growth and are looking to maintain these trends. The Company also increasingly competes with wine and spirits companies
 some of which have significantly greater
resources than the Company. This competitive environment may affect the Company&#146;s overall performance within the Better Beer category. As the market matures and the Better Beer category continues to consolidate
 the Company believes that
companies that are well-positioned in terms of brand equity
 marketing and distribution will have greater success than those who do not. With approximately 350 Distributors nationwide and the Company&#146;s sales force of approximately 420 people
 a
commitment to maintaining brand equity and the quality of its beer
The
The Potential Impact of Known Facts
 Commitments
 Events
and Uncertainties 

 the Company enters into
advance multi-year purchase commitments based on forecasted future hop requirements
 among other factors. 
 




 the Company entered into several hops future contracts in the normal course of business. The total
value of the contracts entered into as of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 which are denominated in Euros and U.S. Dollars
 was $50.0 million. The Company has no forward exchange contracts in place as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and currently intends to
purchase future hops using the exchange rate at the time of purchase. These contracts were deemed necessary in order to bring hop inventory levels and purchase commitments into balance with the Company&#146;s current brewing volume and hop usage
forecasts. In addition
 these contracts enable the Company to secure its position for future supply with hop vendors in the face of some competitive buying activity. 

extent inventory levels and commitments exceed forecasted needs. The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 cancellation costs and supply
 among others. Actual
results may differ materially from management&#146;s estimates. The Company continues to manage inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of hops on hand and hops under commitment. However
 changes in
management&#146;s assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix and hops market conditions could result in future material losses. 
The following table
presents contractual obligations as of December&nbsp;26
 2015: 






















































Hops
 barley and wheat


















































































































































































































































The Company had outstanding total non-cancelable contractual obligations of $207.5&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;26
 2015.
These obligations are made up of hops
 barley and wheat of $63.7&nbsp;million
 apples and other ingredients of $48.7&nbsp;million
 advertising contracts of $29.1&nbsp;million
 equipment and machinery of $22.7&nbsp;million
 glass bottles of
$21.4&nbsp;million
 operating leases of $17.5&nbsp;million
The Company has entered into contracts for the
supply of a portion of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend through crop year 2020 and specify both the quantities and prices
 denominated in Euros and U.S. Dollars
 to which the Company is committed. Hops purchase commitments
outstanding at December&nbsp;26
 2015 totaled $50.0&nbsp;million
Currently
 the Company has entered into
contracts for barley and wheat with two major suppliers. The contracts include crop years 2014 and 2015 and cover the Company&#146;s barley
 wheat
 and malt requirements for part of 2016. These purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;26
2015 totaled $13.7&nbsp;million. On January&nbsp;6
The
Company sources glass bottles pursuant to a Glass Bottle Supply Agreement with Anchor Glass Container Corporation (&#147;Anchor&#148;)
 under which Anchor is the supplier of certain glass bottles for the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery and its
Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles to other breweries where the Company brews its beers. Under the agreement with 
 




Anchor
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be fulfilled.
Minimum purchase commitments under this agreement
 assuming the supplier is unable to replace lost production capacity cancelled by the Company
 as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 totaled $21.4&nbsp;million. 

 2015. Terms of these leases include
 in some
instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through 2021. 

 2015
 the Company brewed most all of its volume at Company-owned breweries. In the normal course of its business
the Company has historically entered into various production arrangements with other brewing companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw materials that are used
in the liquid
 at the time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to repurchase all unused raw materials purchased by the brewing company specifically for the Company&#146;s beers at the brewing company&#146;s cost upon
termination of the production arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume requirements in conjunction with certain production arrangements
 which are not material to the Company&#146;s operations. 

December&nbsp;26
 2015
 there were no significant equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing contracts. Changes to the Company&#146;s brewing strategy or existing production arrangements
 new production relationships or the
Recent
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update
(&#147;ASU&#148;) No.&nbsp;2014-09
. ASU 2014-09 will supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised
goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU
2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained
earnings. The Company will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB
issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-14
 (&#147;ASU 2015-14&#148;). ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for one year
 making it effective for the year
beginning January&nbsp;1
 2018
 with early adoption permitted as of January&nbsp;1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact ASU 2014-09 and has preliminarily concluded that it will not significantly affect how revenue for contracts with
In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-04

Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets
 an entity that has a 52- or 53-week fiscal year) the ability
 as a practical expedient
 to measure
defined benefit retirement obligations and related plan assets as of the month-end that is closest to its fiscal year-end. ASU 2015-04 will be effective prospectively for the year beginning December&nbsp;27
 2015. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of ASU 2015-04 and has preliminarily concluded that it will not significantly affect the measurement of defined benefit retirement obligations and related plan assets. 
 




 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-11

 Simplifying the Measurement of
Inventory
is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 will be effective prospectively for the year beginning January&nbsp;1
 2017. The Company is
In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-17
. ASU 2015-17 is part of the FASB&#146;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as noncurrent in
the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 permits entities to apply the amendments either prospectively or retrospectively. ASU 2015-17 will be effective for the year beginning January&nbsp;1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
ASU 2015-17. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company had $7.0 million and $8.7 million
 respectively
 of current deferred tax assets on the consolidated balance sheet that would be classified as noncurrent under the new
guidance. 
The Company has
not entered into any material off-balance sheet arrangements as of December&nbsp;26
 2015. 



In the ordinary course of business
 the
Company is exposed to the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The Company does not enter into derivatives or other market risk sensitive instruments for the purpose of speculation or for trading purposes. Market risk sensitive
instruments include derivative financial instruments
 other financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments
 such as futures
 forwards
 swaps and options
 that are exposed to rate or price changes. 

&#148;
 and makes purchases of other
ingredients
 equipment and machinery denominated in foreign currencies. The cost of these commitments change as foreign exchange rates fluctuate. Currently
 it is not the Company&#146;s policy to hedge against foreign currency fluctuations. 

2015) or (ii)&nbsp;the applicable LIBOR rate (0.36% at December&nbsp;26
 2015) plus 0.45%
 and therefore
 subjects the Company to fluctuations in such rates. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company had no amounts outstanding under its current line
The Company applies
a sensitivity analysis to reflect the impact of a 10% hypothetical adverse change in the foreign currency rates. A potential adverse fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates could negatively impact future cash flows by approximately $5.3
million as of December&nbsp;26
There are many economic factors that can affect volatility in foreign exchange rates. As such factors cannot be
predicted
 the actual impact on earnings due to an adverse change in the respective rates could vary substantially from the amounts calculated above. 
 






REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Boston
 Massachusetts 

 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of
December&nbsp;26
 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall
In our opinion
 such consolidated financial
statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;26
 2015


 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
Boston
 Massachusetts 

 2016 
 



 

 Inc. 

 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December&nbsp;27
 2014 and the related
consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December&nbsp;27
 2014. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall
In our opinion
 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries at December&nbsp;27
 2014
 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the two years in the period ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
/s/ Ernst &amp; Young
Boston
February 24
 2015 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 except share data) 














December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27



































Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $244 and $144 as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
respectively

















































































Property
 plant and equipment
 net



























































































































































Debt and capital lease obligations
 less current portion







































































Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value; 22
700
000 shares authorized; 9
389
005 and 9
452
375 issued and outstanding as of
December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
 respectively









Class B Common Stock
 $.01 par value; 4
200
000 shares authorized; 3
367
355 and 3
617
355 issued and outstanding as of
December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
 respectively





















Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax












































































 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 except per share data) 























December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28


















024



























































































































Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses















































































































Other income (expense)
 net:



























Other expense
 net




























Total other income (expense)
 net































































































































































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:























































Total other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:


























































 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
For the Years Ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
&nbsp;December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013 










































Stock






Stock






(Loss) Income









Balance at December&nbsp;29
 2012










































































Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $5
282













































































































































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of ($296)



































































Balance at December&nbsp;28
 2013










































































Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $17
353













































































































































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $455



































































Balance at December&nbsp;27
 2014











































































Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $15
350













































































































































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of ($142)





































































































Balance at December&nbsp;26
 2015








































































 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

























December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28




























































































Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment






























































































































Prepaid expenses
 income tax receivable and other assets




























































































































Purchases of property
 plant and equipment













































Proceeds from disposal of property
 plant and equipment























































































































































































































































































































































































































(Decrease) Increase in accounts payable for purchase of property
 plant and equipment










































Property
 plant and equipment

























































 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

December&nbsp;26
A. Organization
The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and certain subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) are engaged in the business of selling
alcohol beverages throughout the United States and in selected international markets
 under the trade names &#147;The Boston Beer Company
&#148; &#147;Twisted Tea Brewing Company
&#148; and &#147;Angry Orchard Cider Company.&#148; The Company&#146;s
 beers are produced and sold under the trade name &#147;The Boston Beer Company.&#148; A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science (&#147;A&amp;S&#148;)
 a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 sells beer under various trade names that is produced under its own license and the Company&#146;s licenses. In 2015
 sales from A&amp;S brands are less than 7% of net revenues. 

The Company&#146;s fiscal year is a
fifty-two or fifty-three week period ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal periods of 2015
 2014 and 2013 consist of fifty-two weeks. 
The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 
The Company consists of two
operating segments that each produce and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company operating segment comprised of the Company&#146;s Samuel Adams


Company
 Coney Island Brewing Company
 Angel City Brewing Company and Concrete Beach Brewing Company. Both segments have similar economic characteristics. They also sell predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which are sold to the same types of
customers in similar size quantities
 at similar price points and through substantially the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally fall under
the same regulatory environment. Since the operating segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they are aggregated for financial statements purposes. 
The preparation of the
consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Cash
Cash
and cash equivalents at December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014 included cash on-hand and money market instruments that are highly liquid investments. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost
 which approximates fair value. 
 




the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to fund economic development at the Company&#146;s Pennsylvania Brewery. The restricted cash subject to this agreement amounted to $456
000 and $513
000 at December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
The Company&#146;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances combined with management&#146;s estimate of future potential recoverability. Receivables are written off against the
allowance after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014 are adequate
 but actual write-offs could exceed the recorded
allowance. 

Company places its cash equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company&#146;s cash and cash equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S. government agency corporate money
The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers in the United States and to a network of wholesalers
 importers or
other agencies (collectively referred to as &#147;Distributors&#148;). In 2015
 sales to foreign Distributors were approximately 4% of total sales. Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized; however
 credit risk is minimized as a
result of the large and diverse nature of the Company&#146;s customer base. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers
 historical trends and other information.
There were no individual customer accounts receivable balances outstanding at December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014 that were in excess of 10% of the gross accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers represented
more than 10% of the Company&#146;s revenues during fiscal years 2015
Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The Company&#146;s primary financial instruments consisted of cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses at
December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014. The Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic 820
(&#147;ASC 820&#148;). The Company believes that the carrying amount of its cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair
value due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company is not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit risks arising from these financial assets and liabilities. 


 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing
materials and packaging
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value. The cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead. Packaging
The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on management&#146;s estimates of forecasted usage of
inventories on hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or expired inventory in the future.
Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been adequate to provide for losses on its inventory. 
 




growth
 product mix
 new products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments. The Company&#146;s
accounting policy for inventory and purchase commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#146;s expected future usage. Provision for excess or expired inventory
included in cost of goods sold was $4.0&nbsp;million
 $6.1&nbsp;million
 and $4.9&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2015
 2014
Property
Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major
renewals and betterments that extend the life of the property are capitalized. Some of the Company&#146;s equipment is used by other brewing companies to produce the Company&#146;s products under brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets as follows: 

















 or the term of the production agreement
 whichever is shorter








 or the remaining useful life of the building
 whichever is shorter


 bottles and cans are shipped on pallets to
Distributors. Most all kegs and pallets are owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&#146;s balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase. Upon shipment
of beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is included in current liabilities in the Company&#146;s balance sheets. Upon return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the deposit is refunded to
The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. The
Company believes that this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&#146;s loss experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related deposits
 has not been material to
the financial statements. The Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held by Distributors.
These estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year ended
December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation by $0.9&nbsp;million
 $1.2&nbsp;million and $1.2&nbsp;million
 respectively. For the year
ended December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation by $1.0&nbsp;million
 $1.8&nbsp;million and $1.8&nbsp;million

 




respectively. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company&#146;s balance sheet includes $17.1&nbsp;million and $18.2&nbsp;million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on
kegs and pallets and $18.9&nbsp;million and $25.9&nbsp;million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation. 

 but evaluates the recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the fair value of its reporting units
at the end of the third quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and
December&nbsp;27
 2014. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the goodwill of the Boston Beer Company reporting unit amounted to $1.4&nbsp;million. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014 the goodwill of the
A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative reporting unit amounted to $2.3 million. 

as further discussed below
 management has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&#146;s identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if an
impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values
of the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record additional depreciation in future periods
 which
Factors generally considered important which could trigger an impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets include
the following: (1)&nbsp;significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; (2)&nbsp;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired assets or the strategy for the Company&#146;s overall business;
(3)&nbsp;underutilization of assets; and (4)&nbsp;discontinuance of products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
The Company provides for
deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial
statements or tax returns. This results in differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than
enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided when recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than not standards as defined in ASC Topic&nbsp;740
.
The calculation of the Company&#146;s tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in several
different state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various
tax jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax returns that do not meet the more likely than not standards as defined in ACS Topic&nbsp;740
 
The Company is responsible for
compliance with the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the &#147;TTB&#148;) regulations which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. 
 




The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense
based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. 

 less the distributor promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as discussed below in Customer
Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has
passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
conditions are met. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company has deferred $3.9&nbsp;million and $6.0&nbsp;million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior to these dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses
In certain circumstances and with the Company&#146;s approval
 the Company
accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty percent of the distributor&#146;s cost of the beer that has passed its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is
reflected in the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue; however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company could differ from the estimated accrual. 
The following expenses are
included in cost of goods sold: raw material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs relating to quality
control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs. 
Costs incurred for the shipping of
products to customers are included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The Company incurred shipping costs of $62.2 million
 $62.6 million
 and $50.3 million in fiscal
years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. 

 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income: media
advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales and sales support workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight charges related to shipments of finished
goods from manufacturing locations to distributor locations and point-of-sale items. Total advertising and sales promotional expenditures of $120.1&nbsp;million
 $100.5&nbsp;million
 and $81.0&nbsp;million were included in advertising
 promotional
and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income for fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
The Company
conducts certain advertising and promotional activities in its Distributors&#146; markets and the Distributors make contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are
recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. 
 



 

 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the
alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as
reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic&nbsp;605-50


customers totaled $55.3&nbsp;million
 $52.4&nbsp;million
 and $40.4&nbsp;million in fiscal year 2015
 2014
 and 2013
Customer promotional
discount programs are entered into with Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013 were $33.2&nbsp;million
 $28.5&nbsp;million
 and
$23.1&nbsp;million
 respectively. The reimbursements for discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. Agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain Distributors&#146; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order
to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of the discount allowance requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts
owed and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated allowance. 

applicable state laws and regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#146;s products may include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at retail locations and meals
travel and entertainment. Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013 were $22.1&nbsp;million
 $23.9&nbsp;million
 and $17.3&nbsp;million
 respectively. In 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company
recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of $16.6&nbsp;million
 $18.7&nbsp;million
 and $13.4&nbsp;million respectively as reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized as reduction to net revenues include
 but are not limited to
promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets. 
The following
expenses are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income: general and administrative salary and benefit expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service fees
 rent and utility
expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for general and administrative employees
 and other general and administrative overhead costs. 
The Company accounts for
share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic&nbsp;718
(&#147;ASC 718&#148;)
 which generally requires recognition of share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on fair value.
Compensation cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award (the requisite service period). The amount of compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive income is based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and therefore
As permitted by ASC 718
 the
Company elected to use a lattice model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 and 2016 stock option grants to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is
considered to be a market-based award and was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. See Note M for further
discussion of the application of the option-pricing models. 
 



 

by dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or the two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive. 
In May 2014
 the
FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2014-09
. ASU 2014-09 will supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of
promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current
guidance. ASU&nbsp;2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect
adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU&nbsp;2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In
August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-14
 (&#147;ASU 2015-14&#148;). ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of ASU&nbsp;2014-09 for one year
 making it
effective for the year beginning December&nbsp;31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January&nbsp;1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact ASU&nbsp;2014-09 and has preliminarily concluded that it will not significantly affect
In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-04

Date of an Employer&#146;s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets
 an entity that has a 52- or 53-week fiscal year) the ability
 as a
practical expedient
 to measure defined benefit retirement obligations and related plan assets as of the month-end that is closest to its fiscal year-end. ASU 2015-04 will be effective prospectively for the year beginning December&nbsp;27
 2015. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2015-04 and has preliminarily concluded that it will not significantly affect the measurement of defined benefit retirement obligations and related plan assets. 

 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-11

 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
FASB&#146;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope of the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the
ordinary course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU&nbsp;2015-11 will be effective prospectively for the year beginning January&nbsp;1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-17

Classification of Deferred Taxes
balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 permits entities to apply the amendments either prospectively or retrospectively. ASU 2015-17 will be effective for the year beginning January&nbsp;1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact ASU 2015-17. As of
December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Company had $7.0 million and $8.7 million
 respectively
 of current deferred tax assets on the consolidated balance sheet that would be classified as noncurrent under the new guidance. 
Inventories consist of raw materials
work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on 
 




the first-in
 first-out basis
 or market. The Company&#146;s goal is to maintain on-hand a supply of approximately two years for essential hop varieties
 in order to limit the risk of an
unexpected reduction in supply. Inventories are generally classified as current assets. The Company classifies hops inventory in excess of two years of forecasted usage in other long term assets. The cost elements of work in process and finished
goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead. Inventories consisted of the following: 














December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27





































































































































December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27






















































































































E. Property
 Plant and Equipment 

 plant and equipment consisted of the following: 














December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27

























































































































































The Company recorded depreciation and amortization expense related to these assets of $43.4 million
 $34.8 million
 and $25.7
million in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. 
 



 

 2014
 and 2013
the Company recorded impairment charges of $0.3 million
 $1.8 million
 and $1.6 million
 respectively. 

The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s changes to the carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended
December&nbsp;26
 2015 (in thousands): 





























December&nbsp;27






December&nbsp;26













































December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27




























Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements











Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses






























































































































 
The Company has a
credit facility in place that provides for a $150.0 million revolving line of credit which has a term not scheduled to expire until March&nbsp;31
 2019. The Company may elect an interest rate for borrowings under the credit facility based on either
(i)&nbsp;the Alternative Prime Rate (3.50% at December&nbsp;26
 2015) or (ii)&nbsp;the applicable LIBOR rate (0.36% at December&nbsp;26
 2015) plus 0.45%. The Company incurs an annual commitment fee of 0.15% on the unused portion of the facility and
is obligated to meet certain financial covenants
 which are measured using earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation and amortization (&#147;EBITDA&#148;) based ratios. The Company&#146;s EBITDA to interest expense ratio was 9
810 as of
December&nbsp;26
 2015
 compared to a minimum allowable ratio of 2.00 and the Company&#146;s total funded debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.00 as of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 compared to a maximum allowable ratio of 2.50. The Company was in compliance with
all financial covenants as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014. There were no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014. 
 




covenants
 the Company has agreed that it will not: enter into any indebtedness or guarantees other than those specified by the lender
 enter into any sale and leaseback transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of significant assets without the
lender&#146;s prior written consent
 make or maintain any investments other than those permitted in the credit agreement
 or enter into any transactions with affiliates outside of the ordinary course of business. In addition
 the credit agreement
requires the Company to obtain prior written consent from the lender on distributions on account of
 or in repurchase
 retirement or purchase of its capital stock or other equity interests with the exception of the following: (a)&nbsp;distributions
of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (a subsidiary of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
 (b)&nbsp;repurchase from former employees of non-vested investment shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
issued under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 and (c)&nbsp;redemption of shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash dividends to its holders of common stock. Borrowings under the credit facility
may be used for working capital
 capital expenditures and general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. In the event of a default that has not been cured
 the credit facility would terminate and any unpaid principal and accrued
interest would become due and payable. 



















































































































































































































































































State income taxes
 net of federal benefit

































































































 



 















December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27












































































































































Property
 plant and equipment






















































































The Company&#146;s practice is to classify interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.
Interest and penalties included in the provision for income taxes amounted to $0.1&nbsp;million
 $0.0&nbsp;million
 and $0.0&nbsp;million for fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. Accrued interest and penalties amounted to
$0.4&nbsp;million and $0.3&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending
amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 








































































































Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014 are potential net
benefits of $0.4&nbsp;million and $0.3&nbsp;million
 respectively
 that would favorably impact the effective tax rate if recognized. Unrecognized tax benefits are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and
As of
December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company&#146;s 2013 and 2014 federal income tax returns remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;). The Company&#146;s state income tax returns remain subject to examination for three
or four years depending on the state&#146;s statute of limitations. The Company is being audited by two states as of December&nbsp;26
 2015. In addition
 the Company is generally obligated to report changes in taxable income arising from federal
It is reasonably possible that the Company&#146;s unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease in 2016 if there is a completion
of certain income tax audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate the range of such possible 
 




changes. The Company does not expect that any potential changes would have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 


 being enacted after 2015 corporate estimated tax payments were due on December&nbsp;15
 2015. These tax extenders allow the Company to claim accelerated tax depreciation on qualified property
plant
 and equipment additions
 and the research&nbsp;&amp; development tax credit on the 2015 federal corporate income tax return. As of this filing date
 the Company has applied with the IRS for a $12.0&nbsp;million quick refund of overpayment of
estimate tax
 which the Company expects to receive during the first quarter 2016. 
The Company had
outstanding total non-cancelable contractual obligations of $207.5&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;26
 2015. These obligations are made up of hops
 barley and wheat totaling $63.7&nbsp;million
 apples and other ingredients of $48.7&nbsp;million
advertising contracts of $29.1&nbsp;million
 equipment and machinery of $22.7&nbsp;million
 glass bottles of $21.4&nbsp;million
 operating leases of $17.5&nbsp;million
 and other commitments of $4.3&nbsp;million. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015
projected cash outflows under contractual obligations for the remaining years under the contracts are as follows: 



















































Hops
 barley and wheat


















































































































































































































































The Company has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend
through crop year 2020 and specify both the quantities and prices
 denominated in Euros and U.S. Dollars
 to which the Company is committed. Hops purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;26
 2015 totaled $50.0&nbsp;million
 based on the
exchange rates on that date. The Company does not use forward currency exchange contracts and intends to purchase future hops using the exchange rate at the time of purchase. 

 the Company has entered into contracts for barley and wheat with two major suppliers. The contracts include crop years 2014 and 2015 and cover the
Company&#146;s barley
 wheat
 and malt requirements for part of 2016. These purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;26
 2015 totaled $13.7&nbsp;million. 

under which Anchor is the supplier of certain glass bottles for the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery and its Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles to other breweries where the
Company brews its beers. Under the agreement with Anchor
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be fulfilled. Minimum
purchase commitments under this agreement
 assuming the supplier is unable to replace lost production capacity cancelled by the Company
 as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 totaled $21.4&nbsp;million. 
 




2015. Terms of these leases include
 in some instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through 2021. Aggregate rent expense was
$3.4&nbsp;million
 $3.2&nbsp;million
 and $2.7&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
For the fiscal year ended
December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company brewed over 95% of its core brands volume at Company-owned breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company has historically entered into various production arrangements with other brewing companies.
Pursuant to these arrangements
 the Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw materials that are used in the liquid
 at the time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to repurchase all
unused raw materials purchased by the brewing company specifically for the Company&#146;s beers at the brewing company&#146;s cost upon termination of the production arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume requirements in
conjunction with certain production arrangements
The Company&#146;s arrangements with other
brewing companies require it to periodically purchase equipment in support of brewery operations. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 there were no significant equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing contracts. Changes to the
Company&#146;s brewing strategy or existing production arrangements
 new production relationships or the introduction of new products in the future may require the Company to purchase equipment to support the contract breweries&#146; operations.
The Company is currently not a
party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 
The Company defines fair value as
the price that would be received to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs
used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level&nbsp;1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level&nbsp;3 measurements). 













 either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has
a specified (contractual) term
 a Level&nbsp;2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 






 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date. 
 




been segregated into the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement date.&nbsp;The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized
in the table below (in thousands): 






















As of December&nbsp;26
 2015



























































As of December 27
 2014





















































The Company&#146;s cash equivalents listed above represent money market mutual fund securities and are classified within Level
1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices.&nbsp;The Company does not adjust the quoted market price for such financial instruments. 

 certificates of deposit
 receivables and payables are carried at their cost
 which approximates fair value
 because of their short-term nature.
Financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the consolidated financial statements are summarized in the table below (in thousands): 






















As of December&nbsp;26
 2015







































As of December 27
 2014



































 2013
 A&amp;S acquired substantially all of the assets of the Coney Island business (&#147;Coney Island&#148;) and certain other assets from
Shmaltz Brewing Company for an aggregate purchase price of $2.9&nbsp;million. Costs related to the acquisition of Coney Island were not significant and were expensed as incurred. 

 including valuation assessments of tangible and
intangible assets. The allocation of the purchase price is as follows (in thousands): 








Property
 plant and equipment































The Company has assigned an indefinite life to the acquired trade name and the related value is included in other assets in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Goodwill resulting from this acquisition is expected to be amortizable for tax purposes. The operating results of Coney Island since the acquisition date are included in the Company&#146;s consolidated
financial statements. 
 



 
The Class&nbsp;A Common
Stock has no voting rights
 except (1)&nbsp;as required by law
 (2)&nbsp;for the election of Class&nbsp;A Directors
 and (3)&nbsp;that the approval of the holders of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is required for (a)&nbsp;certain future
authorizations or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 (b)&nbsp;certain alterations of rights or terms of the Class&nbsp;A or Class B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of Organization of
the Company
 (c)&nbsp;other amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&nbsp;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 and (e)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the
Company&#146;s assets. 

 including the right to (1)&nbsp;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors and
(2)&nbsp;approve all (a)&nbsp;amendments to the Company&#146;s Articles of Organization
 (b)&nbsp;mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s
assets
 and (d)&nbsp;equity-based and other executive compensation and other significant corporate matters. The Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is freely convertible into
one share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 upon request of any Class&nbsp;B holder
All distributions with respect to
the Company&#146;s capital stock are restricted by the Company&#146;s credit agreement
 with the exception of distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 repurchase from former
employees of non-vested investment shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock issued under the Company&#146;s equity incentive plan
 redemption of certain shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash
dividends to its holders of common stock. 

awards to employees
 and provides for shares to be sold to employees of the Company at a discounted purchase price under its investment share program. The Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the Company
 based on recommendations
received from the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee consists of three independent directors. In determining the quantities and types of awards for grant
 the Compensation Committee periodically reviews the
objectives of the Company&#146;s compensation system and takes into account the position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the nature and value to the Company of his or her service and accomplishments
 his or her present and
potential contributions to the success of the Company
 the value of the type of awards to the employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems relevant. 

 but generally vest ratably over five-year
periods and
 with respect to certain options granted to members of senior management
 based on the Company&#146;s performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual term of stock options is ten years
 although the Board of Directors may grant options
that exceed the ten-year term. During fiscal 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company granted options to purchase 18
723
 7
090
 and 40
925&nbsp;shares
 respectively
 of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock to employees at market price on the grant dates. Of the
2015 option grants
 14
742&nbsp;shares relate to performance-based option grants and 3
981 relate to special long-term service-based retention stock options. Of the 2014 option grants
 all shares relate to performance-based option grants. Of the
2013 option grants
 10
925&nbsp;shares relate to performance-based option grants
 15
000&nbsp;shares relate to a long-term performance-based option
 and 15
000&nbsp;shares relate to special long-term service-based retention stock options. The number
of shares that will vest under the performance-based options depends on the level of performance targets attained on various dates. 
 




 2016
 the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 663
136 shares of the
Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock with a weighted average fair value of $46.80 per share
 of which 574
507&nbsp;shares relate to a special long-term service-based retention stock option issued to the Chief Executive Officer
70
502&nbsp;shares relate to other special long-term service-based retention stock options and 18
127&nbsp;shares relate to performance-based stock options . 

 2014
 and 2013
 the Company granted 6
092
 16
432
and 11
987 shares
 respectively
 of restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key employees
 most of which are service-based and generally vest ratably over service periods of five years. 

Class&nbsp;A Common Stock at a discount from current market value of 0% to 40%
 based on the employee&#146;s tenure with the Company. Investment shares vest ratably over service periods of five years. Participants may pay for these shares either up
front or through payroll deductions over an eleven-month period during the year of purchase. During fiscal 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 employees elected to purchase an aggregate of 8
301
 8
516
 and 12
894 investment shares
 respectively. 

 2016
 the Company granted 8
921 shares of restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key employees of which all shares vest
ratably over service periods of five years. On January&nbsp;1
 2016
 employees elected to purchase 9
On
December&nbsp;9
 2015
 the Equity Plan was amended whereby the number of shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock reserved for issuance under the plan was increased from 6.0&nbsp;million to 6.7 million. As of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 1.4&nbsp;million
shares remained available for grant. Shares reserved for issuance under cancelled employee stock options and forfeited restricted stock are returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases. The Company also purchases
unvested investment shares from employees who have left the Company at the lesser of (i)&nbsp;the price paid for the shares when the employee acquired the shares or (ii)&nbsp;the fair market value of the shares as of the date next preceding the date
on which the shares are called for redemption by the Company. These shares are also returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases. 
The Company has a
stock option plan for non-employee directors of the Company (the &#147;Non-Employee Director Plan&#148;)
 pursuant to which each non-employee director of the Company is granted an option to purchase shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common
Stock upon election or re-election to the Board of Directors. Stock options issued to non-employee directors vest upon grant and have a maximum contractual term of ten years. During fiscal 2015
 2014
 and 2013 the Company granted options to purchase
an aggregate of 5
640
 6
696
 and 9
864&nbsp;shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock to non-employee directors
The Company
has reserved 550
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Non-Employee Director Plan
 of which 102
933 shares were available for grant as of December&nbsp;26
 2015. Cancelled non-employee directors&#146; stock options are
returned to the reserve under the Non-Employee Director Plan for future grants. 
 



 




































Outstanding at December&nbsp;27
 2014



380











































































































Outstanding at December&nbsp;26
 2015



127


































Exercisable at December&nbsp;26
 2015





































Vested and expected to vest at December&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2015



089

































Of the total options outstanding at December&nbsp;26
 2015
 117
352 shares were performance-based options. 
On
January&nbsp;1
 2008
 the Company granted the Chief Executive Officer an option to purchase 753
864&nbsp;shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on January&nbsp;1
 2014
 at the rate of 20%&nbsp;per
year. The exercise price is determined by multiplying $42.00 by the aggregate change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after January&nbsp;1
 2008 through the close of business on the trading date next preceding each date on which the option is
exercised. The exercise price will not be less than $37.65 per share and the excess of the fair value of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock cannot exceed $70 per share over the exercise price. At December&nbsp;26
 2015 and
December&nbsp;27
 2014
 452
319 shares and 603
092&nbsp;shares of the stock option remained outstanding
 respectively. If the outstanding shares at December&nbsp;26
 2015 were exercised on that date
 the exercise price would have been $135.40 per
share. If the outstanding shares at December&nbsp;27
 2014 were exercised on that date
 the exercise price would have been $225.74 per share. Reflected in the table above is the minimum exercise price of $37.65. The Company is accounting for this
award as a market-based award which was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo
Simulation pricing model
 the Company calculated the weighted average fair value per share to be $8.41
 and recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.5
 $0.7
 and $1.0
&nbsp;million related to this option in the fiscal 2015
 2014
 and 2013
On January&nbsp;1
 2016
 the Company granted the Chief Executive Officer an option to purchase 574
507&nbsp;shares of its Class&nbsp;A
Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on January&nbsp;1
 2019
 at the rate of 20%&nbsp;per year. The exercise price is determined by multiplying $201.91 by the aggregate percentage change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from
and after January&nbsp;1
 2016 through the close of business on the trading date next preceding each date on which the option is exercised
 plus an additional 1.5&nbsp;percentage points per annum
 prorated for partial years. The exercise price will
not be less than $201.91 per share and the excess of the fair value of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock cannot exceed $150 per share over the exercise price. The Company is accounting for this award as a market-based award which was
valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the Company calculated
the weighted average fair value per share to be $39.16. 
 



 

of comprehensive income: 
































Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses











































































































As permitted by ASC&nbsp;718
 the Company uses a lattice model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the
fair values of stock options. The Company believes that the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is less effective than the binomial option-pricing model in valuing long-term options
 as it assumes that volatility and interest rates are constant over
the life of the option. In addition
 the Company believes that the binomial option-pricing model more accurately reflects the fair value of its stock awards
 as it takes into account historical employee exercise patterns based on changes in the
Company&#146;s stock price and other relevant variables. The weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during 2015
 2014
 and 2013 was $128.54
 $106.81 and $60.99 per share
 respectively
 as calculated using a binomial option-pricing
model. 

































































































Expected volatility is based on the Company&#146;s historical realized volatility. The risk-free interest rate represents the
implied yields available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve over the contractual term of the option when using the binomial option-pricing model. Expected dividend yield is 0% because the Company has not paid dividends in the past and
currently has no known intention to do so in the future. Exercise factor and discount for post-vesting restrictions are based on the Company&#146;s historical experience. 

The Company uses the straight-line attribution method in recognizing stock-based compensation expense
for awards that vest based on service conditions. For awards that vest subject to performance conditions
 compensation expense is recognized ratably for each tranche of the award over the performance period if it is probable that performance
Under ASC 718
 compensation expense is recognized less estimated forfeitures. Because most of the Company&#146;s equity awards
 each year
 the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to those awards


 the estimated forfeiture rate used was 5.0%. The forfeiture rate was based upon historical experience and the Company periodically reviews this rate to ensure proper projection of future
forfeitures. 
 




 2014
 and 2013 was $4.1&nbsp;million
 $3.8&nbsp;million
 and
$4.7&nbsp;million
 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2015
 2014
 and 2013 was $37.7&nbsp;million
 $45.8&nbsp;million
 and $12.5&nbsp;million
 respectively. 

 2015
 there is $10.0&nbsp;million of unrecognized compensation costs
 net of estimated forfeitures
related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements that are expected to vest. Such costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.2&nbsp;years. The following table summarizes the estimated future annual stock-based
compensation expense related to share-based arrangements existing as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 that are expected to vest (in thousands): 

























































































Non-vested at December 27
 2014




















































Non-vested at December 26
 2015





















 2016
 the Board of Directors of the Company increased the aggregate expenditure limit for the Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program by
$50.0&nbsp;million
As of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company has
repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 11.5&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $446.1&nbsp;million as follows: 





























Repurchased at December&nbsp;29
 2012



696






























Repurchased at December&nbsp;28
 2013



892






























Repurchased at December&nbsp;27
 2014



921






























Repurchased at December&nbsp;26
 2015



538


















 



 

 one of which covers substantially all union
employees
 and the other of which covers employees of a specific union
 and post-retirement medical benefits covering substantially all union employees. 
The Boston Beer Company 401(k)
Plan (the &#147;Boston Beer 401(k) Plan&#148;)
 which was established by the Company in 1993
 is a Company-sponsored defined contribution plan that covers a majority of the Company&#146;s non-union employees who are employed by Boston Beer
Corporation
 Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd.
 Samuel Adams Pennsylvania Brewery Company or A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC. All non-union employees of these entities are eligible to participate in the plan on the first day of the first month
after commencing employment or
 if later
 reaching age&nbsp;21. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. After the sixth month of employment
 the Company matches each
participant&#146;s contribution. A maximum of 6% of compensation is taken into account in determining the amount of the match. The Company matches 100% of the first $1
000 of the eligible compensation participants contribute. Thereafter
 the Company
matches 50% of the eligible contribution. The Company&#146;s contributions to the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan amounted to $3.0&nbsp;million and $2.8&nbsp;million in fiscal years 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The basic annual administrative fee for the
Boston Beer 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&#146;s investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider Payment Agreement
 up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year is available
for paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for the payment of any additional fees related to the management of the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the Company. 
The defined contribution plan
 the
Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. 401(k) Plan for Represented Employees (the &#147;SABC 401(k) Plan&#148;)
 is a Company-sponsored plan. It was established in 1997 and is available to all union employees upon commencement of employment or
 if
later
 attaining age&nbsp;21. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation to the SABC 401(k) Plan
 subject to IRS limitations. Effective July&nbsp;1
 2007
 the Company commenced making a non-elective
contribution for eligible employees who are members of what is now the Service Employees&#146; International Union
 Local&nbsp;1
 Firemen&nbsp;&amp; Oilers Division (&#147;Local&nbsp;#1&#148;). Effective January&nbsp;1
 2012
 the Company commenced
making a non-elective contribution for eligible employees who are members of The International Union of Operating Engineers
 Local&nbsp;#20 (&#147;Local&nbsp;#20&#148;). Company contributions for fiscal 2015 and 2014 were insignificant. The basic
annual administrative fee for the SABC 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&#146;s investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider Payment Agreement up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied by the total amount of assets under the
Plan per year is available for paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for the payment of any additional fees related to the management of the SABC&nbsp;401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the Company. 

 the Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. Local Union No.&nbsp;1199 Pension Plan (the &#147;Local 1199 Pension Plan&#148;)
 is a
Company-sponsored pension plan. It was established in 1991 and is open to all union employees who are covered by the Company&#146;s collective bargaining agreement with Teamsters Local Union No.&nbsp;1199 (&#147;Local Union&nbsp;#1199&#148;) and who
have completed 12&nbsp;consecutive months of employment with at least 750 hours worked. The defined benefit is determined based on years of service since July 1991. The Company made contributions of $188
000 and $162
000 in 2015 and 2014
respectively. At December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
 the unfunded projected pension benefits were $1.6&nbsp;million and $1.7&nbsp;million
 respectively. 

 Local #1 and Local Union #1199 to assist them with the cost of Medicare gap coverage
after their retirement on account of age or permanent 
 




disability. To qualify for this benefit (collectively
 the &#147;Retiree Medical Plan&#148;)
 an employee must have worked for at least 20 years for the Company or its predecessor at the
Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery
 must have been enrolled in the Company&#146;s comprehensive medical plan for at least 5 years before retirement and
 in the case of retirees from Local #20
 for at least 7 of the last 10 years of their employment
 benefit obligation was determined using a discount rate of 4.5% at December&nbsp;26
 2015 and 4.0% at
December&nbsp;27
 2014 respectively
 and a 2.5% health care cost increase based on the Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for the years 2015
 2014
 and 2013. The effect of a 1% point increase and the effect of a 1% point decrease in the assumed health
care cost trend rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net periodic post-retirement health care benefit costs and the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for health care benefits would not be significant.
In addition
 the comprehensive medical plans offered to currently employed members of Local&nbsp;#20 and Local Union #1199 remain available to them
should they retire after reaching age 57 (and before reaching age 65 in the case of a member of Local #20) with at least 20 years of service (if a Local #20 member) or 10 years of employment (if a Local Union #1199 member) with the Company or its
predecessor at the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery. These eligible retirees may choose to continue to be covered under the Company&#146;s comprehensive medical plan
 subject to certain modifications applicable to members of Local Union #1199
until they reach the age when they are eligible for Medicare under the Social Security Act or (in the case of a Local #20 member) coverage under a comparable State health benefit plan. Eligible retirees pay 100% of the cost of the coverage. 
































December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27





















































































































The Local 1199 Plan invests in a family of funds that are designed to minimize excessive short-term risk and focus on
consistent
 competitive long-term performance
 consistent with the funds&#146; investment objectives.&nbsp;The fund-specific objectives vary and include maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
 maximizing total return from capital
appreciation plus income and funds that invest in common stock of companies that cover a broad range of industries. The plan&#146;s investments are considered category1 assets in the fair value hierarchy and the fair values were determined by
The basis of the long-term rate of return assumption of 6.5% reflects the Local 1199 Plan&#146;s current
targeted asset mix of approximately 35% debt securities and 65% equity securities with assumed average annual returns of approximately 3% to 6% for debt securities and 8% to 12% for equity securities.&nbsp;It is assumed that the Local 1199
Plan&#146;s investment portfolio will be adjusted periodically to maintain the targeted ratios of debt securities and equity securities.&nbsp;Additional consideration is given to the plan&#146;s historical returns as well as future long-range
projections of investment returns for each asset category. The assumed discount rate in estimating the pension obligation was 4.5% and 4.0% at December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014
 respectively. 
















December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27





















































 



 
The following
table sets forth the computation of basic net income per share using the two-class method: 


















December&nbsp;26



December&nbsp;27



December&nbsp;28
















(in thousands
 except per share data)





































































































































































































































































































000 shares to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on May&nbsp;6
 2015 and 100
000 shares to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on October&nbsp;26
 2015
 with the 52-week
number of shares reflecting the weighted average for the period. 

 or (2)&nbsp;the two-class
method
The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net income
per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class B Common Stock into Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and using the two-class method for unvested participating shares: 


















Fifty-two&nbsp;weeks&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2015





































(in thousands
 except per share












































































































 





















Fifty-two weeks ended December 27
 2014















(in thousands
 except per share data)


















































































































Fifty-two weeks ended December 28
 2013















(in&nbsp;thousands
&nbsp;except&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;data)












































































































Basic net income per common share for each share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is $7.46
 $6.96
and $5.47 for the fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 as each share of Class&nbsp;A and Class&nbsp;B participates equally in earnings. Shares of Class B are convertible at any time into shares of Class&nbsp;A on a one-for-one basis at
Weighted average stock options to purchase 16
000
 11
000
 and 15
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock were outstanding
during fiscal 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 but not included in computing diluted income per share because their effects were anti-dilutive. Additionally
 performance-based stock options to purchase 15
000
 30
000
 and 40
000 shares of
Class&nbsp;A Common Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 but not included in computing dilutive income per share because the performance criteria of these stock options were not met as of December&nbsp;26
2015
&nbsp;December&nbsp;27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013
 respectively. 
 



 

pension plan and post-retirement medical plan
 net of tax effect and currency translation adjustments. Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent actuarial losses or gains
 net of tax effect
 recognized as components of net periodic
benefit costs and currency translation adjustments. The following table details the changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income for 2015
 2014
 and 2013 (in thousands): 














Balance at December&nbsp;29
 2012





Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of taxes of ($261)





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($35)











Balance at December&nbsp;28
 2013





Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of taxes of $466





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($11)











Balance at December&nbsp;27
 2014






Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of taxes of ($99)





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($43)

















Balance at December&nbsp;26
 2015






maintains reserves against accounts receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses. 

























































































































































































 






































































































































































































The
Company evaluated subsequent events occurring after the balance sheet date
 December&nbsp;26
 2015
 and concluded that there was no event of which management was aware that occurred after the balance sheet date that would require any adjustment to
or disclosure in the accompanying consolidated financial statements except for the stock options and awards granted on January&nbsp;1
 2016 and the increased expenditure limit for the Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program on February&nbsp;10
 2016
as disclosed in Note&nbsp;M. 

 except in those fiscal years in which there are
fifty-three weeks where the last fiscal quarters then consist of 14 weeks. In management&#146;s opinion
 the following unaudited information includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of
the information for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters. 











































December&nbsp;26



September&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



March&nbsp;28



December&nbsp;27



September&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



March&nbsp;29































(In thousands
 except per share data)




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 








 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation
 the
Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in alerting them in a timely manner to material information required to be disclosed in the
Company&#146;s reports filed with or submitted to the SEC. 

 as such term is defined in
Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f). The Company&#146;s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company&#146;s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
The Company&#146;s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of
December&nbsp;26
 2015. In making this assessment
.
Based on its assessment
 the Company believes that
 as of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 

 2015 has been audited by Deloitte&nbsp;&amp; Touche
LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 



 

 Inc. 

We have audited the internal control
over financial reporting of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 as of December&nbsp;26
 2015
&nbsp;issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company&#146;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the company&#146;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the company&#146;s board of directors
 management
 and other
personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets
Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls
 material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the
internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;26
 2015
 based on
the criteria established in

 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated financial statements
as of and for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 of the Company and our report dated February&nbsp;18
 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
Boston
 Massachusetts 

 2016 
 



 

 2015 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 








Directors
In December 2002
 the Board of
Directors of the Company adopted a (i)&nbsp;Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer
 and (ii)&nbsp;Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was
amended effective August&nbsp;1
 2007 to provide for a third-party whistleblower hotline. These
 as well as the charters of each of the Board Committees
 are posted on the Company&#146;s website
 
 and are available in print
to any shareholder who requests them. Such requests should be directed to the Investor Relations Department
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 MA 02210. The Company intends to disclose any amendment to
 or
waiver from
 a provision of its code of ethics that applies to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and that relates to any element of the Code of Ethics definition enumerated in Item&nbsp;406 of Regulation&nbsp;S-K
The information required by Item&nbsp;10 is hereby incorporated by reference
from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;25
 2016. 



The Information required by Item&nbsp;11 is hereby incorporated
by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;25
 2016. 




The
information required by Item&nbsp;12 with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting to be held on
May&nbsp;25
 2016. 



















Outstanding&nbsp;Options



Outstanding&nbsp;Options
























127









536

















































127









536

















 






Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The
information required by Item&nbsp;13 is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;25
 2016. 




The information required by Item&nbsp;14 is
hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;
25
 2016. 






























Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;26
 2015 and December&nbsp;27
 2014





Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
&nbsp;December&nbsp;
27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013





Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the years ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 December&nbsp;
27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&nbsp;26
 2015
 December&nbsp;
27
 2014 and December&nbsp;28
 2013












because they are inapplicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements
 or notes thereto
 included herein. 





















 dated June 2
 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q filed on August 10
 1998).







 dated November 17
 1995
 as amended August&nbsp;4
 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q filed on August&nbsp;10
 1998).














 Jr.
 effective December 1
 1992 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Registration Statement No.
33-96162).
 















 dated as of December
 1995
 among The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and the initial Stockholders (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Form 10-K
 filed on April 1
 1996).







 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 as Borrowers
 and Bank of America
 N.A. (successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank)
 effective as of July&nbsp;1
 2002
(incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s 10-Q
 filed on August&nbsp;13
 2002).







 2004 amending the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A. (successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank) and The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
(incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s 10-Q
 filed on November 4
 2004).







 2007 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A.
 successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank
 and The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
(incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15
 2007).







 as borrowers
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as the lender
 effective as of March 10
 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6
 2008).







 Ltd. and Brown-Forman Distillery Company
 a division of Brown-Forman Corporation
 effective as of April 11
 2005 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s 10-Q filed
on May 5
 2005).







 LLC and Boston Beer Corporation dated March 28
 2007 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10
 2007).







 2006 (&#147;Office Lease Agreement&#148;) (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on
May 11
 2006).







 2015.







 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6
 2008).







 originally adopted in 1996 and amended and restated on October 19
 2004
 as amended on October 30
 2009
 effective as of January 1
 2010 (incorporated by reference to the
Company&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 28
 2009); amended and restated on December 12
 2012
 effective as of January 1
 2012.







 2014 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A.
 successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank
 and The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
(incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28
 2014).







 Inc. Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended on February 23
 1996
 December 20
 1997
 December 19
 2005
 December 19
 2006
 December 21
 2007
 October 30
 2009
 October8
 2013
 October 8
 2014
 and
December 9
 2015.







 2016.
 















 Senior Vice President
 Finance dated December 15
 2015.







 Senior Vice President
 Supply Chain dated December 18
 2015.














 Inc. effective as of December 26
 2015.







 an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.







 an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.







 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.







 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.







 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.







 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.



















































 



 

 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 on this 18





 INC.








Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated have signed this report below. 

















 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Director

































































 
























 2015 by and between JAMESTOWN 1 DESIGN
PLACE
 L.P.
 a Delaware limited partnership
 with a business address c/o Jamestown
 Ponce City Market
 675 Ponce de Leon Avenue
 7th Floor
 Atlanta
&#148;)
 and BOSTON BEER CORPORATION
 a Massachusetts
corporation
 with a business address of One Design Place
 Boston
WHEREAS
 Tenant and
Landlord&#146;s predecessor in interest entered into that certain Standard Office Lease Agreement dated as of March&nbsp;24
 2006
 which lease has been amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease dated as of September&nbsp;29
 2006
 Second
Amendment to Lease dated October&nbsp;31
 2007
 Third Amendment to Lease dated March&nbsp;25
 2008
 Fourth Amendment to Lease dated August&nbsp;16
 2012
 and Fifth Amendment to Lease dated February&nbsp;22
 2013 (as amended
 the
&#148;) relating to certain premises in the building consisting of
 as of the date hereof
 42
&#148;) located at One Design Place
 Boston
 Massachusetts (the
&#147;Building&#148;)
WHEREAS
 Tenant desires to lease an additional 11
758 rentable square feet
)&nbsp;floor of the Building
 as such Expansion Premises are shown on 
 attached hereto and incorporated herein; 

 Landlord and Tenant desire to amend the Lease to reflect the expansion of the Leased Premises to include the Expansion Premises
 to
NOW THEREFORE
 in consideration of
Ten Dollars ($10.00) and other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt
 sufficiency and delivery of which are hereby acknowledged
 the parties hereby agree that the Lease is hereby amended as follows: 
. The definition of Leased Premises contained in Article 1 of the Lease is hereby deleted and the following is
&#147;Leased Premises shall mean approximately 54


 Boston
 Massachusetts
 as shown on the floor plan attached to this Lease as 
 attached hereto is hereby substituted in its place. In addition
 the
reference to &#147;42
398&#148; in the definition of Rentable Area (contained in the Fourth Amendment to Lease) is hereby deleted and replaced with &#147;54
156&#148; and the reference to &#147;539
448&#148; in the same definition is also deleted
and replaced with &#147;537
. The definition of Lease Term contained in Article 1 of the Lease is hereby
deleted. From and after the date hereof
 the Lease Term shall be that period of time commencing on June&nbsp;25
 2015 and continuing until the last day of the [*] calendar month following the Expansion Premises Commencement Date (as hereinafter
defined). As used herein
Indicates that information has been omitted and filed
separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 


. Subject to the terms of Section&nbsp;4 below
including
 but not limited to
 Tenant&#146;s rights to inspect the Landlord Work
 Tenant has inspected the Expansion Premises and agrees (a)&nbsp;to accept possession of the Expansion Premises in the condition existing on the date hereof in its
&#147;as is
&#148; &#147;where is&#148; condition (provided
 however
 the Premises shall be free of all tenants on the Expansion Premises Commencement Date)
 and (b)&nbsp;that except for Landlord&#146;s Contribution and except for Landlord&#146;s
Work
 Landlord has no obligation to perform any work
 supply any materials
 incur any expense or make any alterations or improvements to prepare the Leased Premises (including the Expansion Premises) for Tenant&#146;s occupancy. Any work to be
performed by Tenant in connection with Tenant&#146;s initial occupancy of the Expansion Premises shall be herein referred to as &#147;Initial Installations&#148; and considered to be &#147;Alterations&#148; and governed by Section&nbsp;4.2 of the
Lease. Any work to be performed by Tenant in the Existing Premises shall be considered to be &#147;Alterations&#148; and governed by Section&nbsp;4.2 of the Lease. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease
 Tenant shall pay to
Landlord the amount of [*] for Landlord&#146;s costs associated with the review and approval of the Initial Installations and Alterations pursuant to the foregoing. Such amount shall be paid within thirty (30)&nbsp;days of the date hereof or
 at
Tenant&#146;s election
 can be deducted from the Landlord Contribution (as hereinafter defined). 
Basic Rental
 to the Lease
 as last amended in the Fifth Amendment to Lease
 is hereby deleted and of no further force or effect. For the period commencing on the date hereof and continuing through the Expiration Date
 Tenant shall
pay Base Rental in respect of the Existing Premises and the Expansion Premises in accordance with the schedule set forth on 
. The definition of Tenant&#146;s Proportionate Share set forth in Article I of the
Lease
 as amended
Tenant&#146;s Proportionate Share of
 to the Lease
 as last amended by Section&nbsp;8 to the Fourth Amendment to Lease
 are deleted effective as of the Expansion Premises Commencement Date. From and
after the Expansion Premises Commencement Date
&#148;)
 in accordance with the
(i) For each calendar year commencing subsequent to the last day of the Expense Base Year
 Landlord shall furnish
to Tenant a statement setting forth Landlord&#146;s reasonable estimate of Tenant&#146;s Proportionate Share of Operating Costs
&#148;). Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount of such Expense Estimate in
monthly installments of 1/12th each on a monthly basis contemporaneously with the payment of Base Rent. 
 Indicates that
information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 




Operating Costs incurred and to be incurred will vary from the Expense Estimate
 then Landlord reserves the right to revise such estimates accordingly. Upon any such revision
 the monthly payments due and payable to Landlord by Tenant under this
Section shall be increased to an amount which will amortize such revised estimate over the remainder of the calendar year in which any such revision is made by Landlord. 

&#148;). If the Statement shows that Tenant&#146;s payments for Tenant&#146;s Proportionate Share of Operating Costs exceed the actual amount of
Tenant&#146;s Proportionate Share of Operating Costs for such calendar year
 then Landlord shall credit the amount of such excess against subsequent payments of rent due hereunder. If the Statement shows that Tenant&#146;s payments for Tenant&#146;s
Proportionate Share of Operating Costs are less than the actual amount of Tenant&#146;s Proportionate Share of Operating Costs
 then Tenant shall pay the amount of such deficiency within thirty (30)&nbsp;Business Days after delivery of the Statement
(iv) If the Expansion Premises Rent Commencement Date is a day other than the first day of a calendar month or if this Lease
terminates on a day other than the last day of a calendar month
 then the amounts due and owing by Tenant to Landlord under this Section shall be prorated accordingly. 

right to thereafter render a Statement with respect to such calendar year or any subsequent calendar year
 nor shall the rendering of a Statement prejudice Landlord&#146;s right to thereafter render a corrected Statement for that calendar year. 
. The reference to &#147;[*]&#148; in the definition of Operating Costs contained in Article VIII of
. Section&nbsp;9
of the Fourth Amendment to Lease is hereby deleted and of no further force or effect. Landlord and Tenant hereby agree that Tenant shall pay the costs of electricity for the Project based on its Proportionate Share and that such costs shall be
computed based on the actual amount of such costs without a base year. In addition
 Section&nbsp;2.5 of the Lease is hereby deleted and the following is inserted in its place: 
. Tenant shall pay upon demand or receipt of an invoice Tenant&#146;s Proportionate Share
(based on [*] occupancy of the Building) of all amounts due and owing with respect to utilities furnished to the Building. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Leased Premises may
 from time to time
 be separately metered by Landlord
 and charged to
Tenant by Landlord
 or by any public utility as may furnish such utilities to the Leased Premises. 
 Indicates that
information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 



. The following sentence is added at the end of Section&nbsp;5.4 of
the Lease:&nbsp;&#147;Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
 Tenant hereby acknowledges and agrees that it will remove all data cabling
 other low voltage wiring and any specialty built out items that is installed by or for the exclusive
. Tenant shall have
Renewal Term Commencement
Date
 unless the Renewal Term shall sooner terminate pursuant to any of the terms of this Lease or otherwise. The Renewal Term shall commence only
&#148;) of Tenant&#146;s exercise of such renewal right not later than [*] prior to the Expiration Date
 (b)&nbsp;at the time of the exercise of such right and immediately prior
to the Renewal Term Commencement Date
 no default shall have occurred and be continuing following any applicable cure period hereunder; and (c)&nbsp;Tenant occupies no less than [*] of the Lease Premises for its own use at the time the Exercise
Notice is given. Time is of the essence with respect to the giving of the Exercise Notice. The Renewal Term shall be upon all of the agreements
 terms
 covenants and conditions of this Lease
 except that (w)&nbsp;the Base Rental shall be adjusted as
set forth in (i)&nbsp;below
 and (x)&nbsp;Tenant shall have no further right to renew the Term. Any termination
 cancellation or surrender of the entire interest of Tenant under this Lease at any time during the Term shall terminate the foregoing
 . The annual Base Rental payable during the Renewal Term shall be
&#148; shall mean the fair market annual
rental value of the Leased Premises as of the Calculation Date for a term equal to the Renewal Term
 based on comparable space in the Project
 or on comparable space in comparable buildings located in the Seaport District of Boston
 Massachusetts
including all of Landlord&#146;s services provided for in this Lease
 and with the Leased Premises considered as vacant
 and in &#147;as is&#148; condition existing on the Renewal Term Commencement Date. The calculation of Fair Market Value shall
&#148;) of Landlord&#146;s determination of Fair Market Value no later than nine (9)&nbsp;months prior to the Renewal Term
Commencement Date. If Tenant disputes Landlord&#146;s determination of Fair Market Value
&#148;) to Landlord of such dispute within ten (10)&nbsp;Business Days after delivery of the Rent
Notice
 and such dispute shall be resolved by arbitration as provided below. Time is of the essence of the giving of said Dispute Notice. Failure on the part of Tenant to timely submit a Dispute Notice shall constitute a waiver of the right of
Tenant to dispute the Fair Rental Value determined by Landlord
 and in such event the Base Rental for the Renewal Term shall be as set forth in the Rent Notice. If the Base Rental payable during the Renewal Term is not determined prior to the
Renewal Term Commencement Date
&#148;). Upon final determination of the Base Rental for
the Renewal Term
 Tenant shall commence paying such Base Rental as so determined
 and 
 Indicates that
information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 




within ten (10)&nbsp;days after such determination Tenant shall pay any deficiency in prior payments of Base Rental or
 if the Base Rental as so determined shall be less than the Interim Rent
Tenant shall be entitled to a credit against the next succeeding installments of Base Rental in an amount equal to the difference between each installment of Interim Rent and the Base Rental as so determined which should have been paid for such
 . If Tenant timely disputes
Landlord&#146;s determination of the Fair Market Value rate pursuant to provisions above
 then Landlord and Tenant shall each simultaneously submit to the other
 in a sealed envelope
 its good faith determination of the applicable Prevailing Market
&#148;). If the higher of such Determinations is not more than [*] of the lower of such Determinations
 then the Fair Market Value rate shall be the average of the two Determinations.
If the Fair Market Value rate is not resolved by the exchange of Determinations
 then
 within twenty (20)&nbsp;days after the exchange of the Determinations
 Landlord and Tenant shall each select a commercial real estate broker with at least 10
years&#146; experience in the Boston Seaport District with working knowledge of current rental rates and practices to determine which of the two Determinations most closely reflects the applicable Fair Market Value rate. Upon such selection
Landlord and Tenant shall each provide to their respective brokers the applicable provisions of this Lease necessary for such determination
 including
 without limitation
 the applicable definitions and criteria (&#147;Lease Provisions&#148;).
Landlord&#146;s and Tenant&#146;s brokers shall work together in good faith to agree upon which of the two Determinations most closely reflects the applicable Fair Market Value rate. The Determination chosen by such brokers shall be binding on both
Landlord and Tenant as the applicable Base Rent. If either Landlord or Tenant fails to appoint a broker within the twenty (20)&nbsp;day period referred to above
 the broker appointed by the other party shall be the sole broker for the purposes
hereof. If the two (2)&nbsp;brokers cannot agree upon which of the two Determinations most closely reflects the applicable Fair Market Value rate within thirty (30)&nbsp;days after the expiration of such twenty (20)&nbsp;day period
 then
 within ten
(10)&nbsp;days after the expiration of such thirty (30)&nbsp;day period
)&nbsp;broker meeting the aforementioned criteria. Once the third broker
has been selected as provided for above
 then Landlord and Tenant shall provide the Lease Provisions to the third broker and
 as soon thereafter as practicable but in any case within thirty (30)&nbsp;days after the selection of the third broker
 the
third broker shall make its determination of which of the two Determinations most closely reflects the applicable Fair Market Value rate and such Determination shall be binding on both Landlord and Tenant as the applicable Base Rent. If the third
broker believes that expert advice would materially assist him
 he may retain one or more qualified persons to provide such expert advice. The parties shall share equally in the costs of the 3
broker and of any experts retained by such third broker. Any fees of any broker
 counsel or experts engaged directly by Landlord or Tenant
 however
 shall be borne by the party retaining such broker
 counsel or expert. 
(i)
. Provided that all of the Termination Conditions Precedent have been fully and completely satisfied
 then effective as of the Termination Date
 this Lease
 and the rights of the Tenant with respect to the Leased Premises
 shall
terminate and expire with 
 Indicates that
information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 




the same force and effect as if such Termination Date had originally been specified as the Expiration Date of the Lease Term. Prior to the later of (such later date

Date
 and (ii)&nbsp;the date on which Tenant actually surrenders and yields-up the Premises
 Tenant shall comply with all of the terms and provisions of the Lease and shall perform all of its obligations
hereunder
 including
 without limitation
 the obligation to pay when due all Base Rent and all Additional Rent. By not later than the Termination Date
 Tenant shall remove all of Tenant&#146;s Fixtures and surrender and yield-up the Leased Premises
in good and broom-clean order
 repair and condition
 free of all tenants and occupants
 and otherwise in the condition in which the Leased Premises are required to be surrendered pursuant to this Lease at the expiration of the Term. All
Tenant&#146;s Fixtures and alterations of any kind
 nature or description remaining in the Leased Premises after the Surrender Date shall be and become the property of Landlord and may be disposed of by Landlord
 at the cost and expense of Tenant
. Effective as
of the Termination Date
 Landlord shall be released from any and all obligations and liabilities thereafter accruing under this Lease. Nothing contained herein shall constitute a waiver
 limitation
 amendment
 or modification of any of the
liabilities and obligations of Landlord under this Lease which accrue or arise prior to the Termination Date. Effective as of the Surrender Date
 Tenant shall be released from any and all liabilities and obligations thereafter accruing under this
Lease. Nothing contained herein shall constitute a waiver
 limitation
 amendment
 or modification of any of the liabilities and obligations of Tenant under this Lease which accrue or arise prior to the Termination Date. 
. Without limiting the foregoing
 if Tenant fails to yield up and surrender the Leased Premises by the Termination Date
then for and with respect each day between the Termination Date and the Surrender Date
 Tenant shall pay a holdover charge at the rate set forth in Section&nbsp;7.22 of the Lease. Nothing herein contained shall constitute a release
 waiver
limitation
 or restriction of any rights or remedies of Landlord on account of Tenant&#146;s failure to surrender the Premises by the Termination Date
 including any rights or remedies afforded to Landlord in Section&nbsp;7.22 of this Lease. 
. The foregoing provisions shall be self-operative; provided
 however
 on the request of either party Landlord and Tenant
. Time is of the essence of this Section&nbsp;13.

. Tenant represents and warrants that it has not worked directly or indirectly with any broker with respect to the leasing of
the Expansion Space or extension of the Term other than Catherine Thompson/DTZ. Landlord represents and warrants that it has not worked directly or indirectly with any broker with respect to the leasing of the Expansion Space or extension of the
Term other than Ron Perry at Colliers. In connection with the foregoing
 the Tenant and Landlord each agree to indemnify
 defend and save harmless the other party against any and all claims for a commission by a broker
 person or firm whom each
party has dealt with in connection with the execution and delivery of this Amendment. 
 Indicates that
information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 



. Landlord will reimburse Tenant for the third party costs
incurred by Tenant in connection with an initial space plan for the Expansion Premises
 up to the maximum amount of [*] (i.e. [*] per rentable square foot of the Expansion Premises. In addition
 Landlord will reimburse Tenant for the third party
costs of architects and engineers contracted with for the design of the Initial Installations to the Expansion Premises
 up to the maximum amount of [*]. Such amounts will be reimbursed by Landlord to Tenant within thirty (30)&nbsp;days of receipt
 Section&nbsp;7.4 of the Lease
is hereby amended by deleting &#147;Kevin P. Joyce
 Esq.&#148; and replacing it with &#147;Christopher R. Froeb
 Esq.&#148;. 
. The following sections of the Lease are hereby deleted and of no further force or effect: (i)&nbsp;Section A of
Exhibit E to the Lease; (ii)&nbsp;Section E of Exhibit E to the Lease; (iii)&nbsp;Section F of Exhibit E to the Lease; (iv)&nbsp;Section J of Exhibit E to the Lease; (v)&nbsp;Sections 5
 6 and 9 of the Second Amendment to Lease; and
(vi)&nbsp;Sections 5
 6 and 7 of the Fourth Amendment. In addition
 and for the avoidance of doubt
 the provisions of Sections D of Exhibit E to the Lease is for the benefit of the Existing Premises and shall not be deemed to expand the rights set
. Section P of Exhibit E is hereby deleted and replaced with the
&#147;Notwithstanding anything to the contrary elsewhere in the Lease
 but subject to the following and other terms of this Lease
 Landlord
shall permit Tenant access to an existing waste stack and an existing source of water so as to allow disposal of sanitary waste from and the supply of water to fixtures commonly found in an office environment such as sinks
 dishwashers
 coffee
makers
 bubblers
 and the like that Tenant may wish to construct as part of the Alterations. Tenant shall be wholly responsible for installing
 maintaining and servicing the associated waste and supply lines not now existing that are located within
or without the Leased Premises and for obtaining all necessary permits and approvals for such use
 installation
 maintenance and repair. All such work shall be done at such times as may be reasonably convenient for Landlord&#146;s supervisor and so
as to minimize interference with other tenants
 and shall require prior written approval by the Landlord
 which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld
 conditioned or delayed Tenant shall indemnify Landlord for any and all losses damages and
claims
 including costs of defense and reasonable attorneys&#146; fees
 arising from such water or waste lines
 whether from water damage
 odors
 insects or otherwise
 except if caused by Landlord or Landlord&#146;s agent.&#148; 

 Indicates that
information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 



. This Amendment shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of
. Any inconsistencies or conflicts between the terms
and provisions of the Lease and the terms and provisions of this Amendment shall be resolved in favor of the terms and provisions of this Amendment. 
. This Amendment may be executed in several counterparts each of which when executed and delivered is an original
 but
Ratification
 Approval and Confirmation of Terms
 the
Lease
 as hereby amended and modified
 is hereby ratified
 approved and confirmed. 
 Indicates that
information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 




 the parties hereto have executed this instrument in any number of counterpart
copies
 each of which shall be an original for all purposes
 as of the day and year first above written. 

















 L.P.







































































































BOSTON BEER CORPORATION
 a



















































 Indicates that
information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 



 



 
 Indicates that information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for
confidential treatment. 
 


Note: Common corridor shown on attached is not included within the Leased Premises as of the
[ * ]



 



 
Indicates that information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for
confidential treatment. 
 


 































Indicates that information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for
confidential treatment. 


 





























Indicates that information has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for
confidential treatment. 













 
THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. RESTATED 

As amended
 effective for grants and issuances made effective on and after January&nbsp;1
 2016 
(a)
The purpose of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;
 which term for purposes of eligibility to participate shall include all of the affiliates of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 including Boston Beer Corporation
 a Massachusetts
corporation) Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the &#147;Plan&#148;) is to provide additional incentive for management and other employees of the Company
 selected for participation in the Plan
 to promote the growth and success of the Company&#146;s
business
 and to reward them for such growth and success
 by making available to them shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A [Limited Voting Rights] Common Stock ($0.01 par value) (&#147;Class A Stock&#148;). 

 1995. As adopted
 the Plan provided for Management Options
 Discretionary Options and
Investment Shares. The maximum number of shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $0.01 par value per share (the &#147;Class A Stock&#148;)
 originally authorized for issuance under the Plan was 1
687
500 shares. On October&nbsp;20
1997
 the Board of Directors of the Company (the &#147;Board&#148;) and the sole holder of the Company&#146;s outstanding Class B Common Stock
 $0.01 par value per share (the &#147;Class B Stock&#148;)
 amended the Plan to provide for an additional
1
000
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock and
 on December&nbsp;19
 1997
 the Board further amended the Plan to delete the provisions that had permitted the grant of Management Options at a per share exercise price of $0.01 and to provide
for a shift from the Board&#146;s Compensation Committee (the &#147;Compensation Committee&#148;) to the full Board authority to act under the Plan
 based on recommendations brought to it by the Compensation Committee. On December&nbsp;14
 2001
 the
Plan was amended to provide for an additional 1
000
(c) On December&nbsp;20
 2005
 the Board
further amended the Plan
 formally striking the discontinued Management Options provisions and inserting the Board&#146;s right to grant shares of restricted stock (&#147;Restricted Stock Grants&#148;). On December&nbsp;19
 2006
 the Board further
amended the Plan to provide for an additional 500
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock
 to change the method used in valuing shares of Class&nbsp;A stock for purposes of the Plan and to grant the Board discretion to waive eligibility
requirements in granting Discretionary Options and Restricted Stock Grants. On December&nbsp;21
 2007
 the Plan was amended to provide for an additional 1
000
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock. October&nbsp;30
 2009
 the Plan was amended
to provide for an additional 812
500 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock. On October&nbsp;8
 2013
 the vesting provisions with respect to Investment Shares were amended. On October&nbsp;8
 2014
 the Plan was restated to reflect formally certain
procedures and practices followed with respect to Restricted Stock Grants and Discretionary Options. On December&nbsp;9
 2015
 the Plan was amended to provide for an additional 700
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock. 
. The maximum number of shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock that may be issued under the Plan is 6
700
000
shares
 subject to adjustment in accordance with Section&nbsp;11 of the Plan. Shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock which are the subject of Restricted Stock Grants (as defined in Section&nbsp;5) or Discretionary Options (as defined in Section&nbsp;6) or
Management Options granted under the Plan prior to its amendment on December&nbsp;19
 1997
 which lapse unexercised or Investment Shares which do not become Vested Shares (as defined in Section&nbsp;7) and are repurchased by the Company pursuant to
Section&nbsp;7(g)
 or which are redeemed by the Company pursuant to Section&nbsp;7(f) shall again be available for issuance hereunder. The maximum number of such shares that may be granted hereunder to an individual recipient per calendar year shall
not exceed 1
000
The Plan shall be administered by the Board. In its sole
discretion
 the Board shall have the power to:





 







 pursuant to Sections 5 and 6 of the Plan; 















 delegate to the Compensation Committee of the Board or one or more officers of the Company power to make and administer grants to different categories of employees of the Company (in
which case such delegatee(s) shall be considered the &#147;Board&#148; hereunder for purposes of such grants); and 






Employees eligible to participate in the Plan (&#147;Eligible Employees&#148;) are those employees of the
Company who:





 have been employed by the Company for at least one (1)&nbsp;year or whose earlier participation is approved
by the Board in connection with his or her becoming an employee; 











 have been recommended to the Board by the Board&#146;s Compensation Committee
 taking into account each prospective grantee&#146;s or optionee&#146;s
level of responsibility
 performance
 potential and such other considerations as the Board or such Committee deems appropriate. 
. The Compensation Committee
 subject to ratification by the Board and the holders of a majority of the Class
B Stock
 may
 from time to time
 grant to Eligible Employees shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock
 subject to such vesting criteria and other terms and conditions
 as the Board shall determine. Except as otherwise determined from time to time by the Board
in connection with specific Restricted Stock Grants
 Restricted Stock Grants shall vest over the period of five (5)&nbsp;years after the grant date at the rate of twenty percent (20%)&nbsp;of the shares covered thereby per year
 so long as the
recipient continues to be employed by the Company as of each vesting date. All Restricted Stock Grants shall be reflected in a restricted stock agreement
 setting forth the applicable vesting criteria
 terms and conditions
 and otherwise in a form
approved from time to time by the Board. 




(a) The Compensation Committee
 subject to ratification
by the Board and the holders of a majority of the Class B Stock
 may also
 from time to time
 grant to Eligible Employees (individually
 an Optionee and collectively
 &#147;Optionees&#148;) options (&#147;Discretionary Options&#148;) to acquire
shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock (&#147;Option Shares&#148;)
 on such terms and conditions
 including exercise price (which shall not be less than the fair market value of such shares as of the date of grant)
 as the Board shall determine. 
 



Discretionary Option
 each Discretionary Option shall be set forth in an Option Agreement
 containing such terms and conditions as the Board in its discretion may from time to time require
 which shall include in any event the following terms
(i) Except as otherwise determined from time to time by the Board in connection with specific options
 the
right to exercise each Discretionary Option shall vest over the period of five (5)&nbsp;years after the date on which the Option was granted (the &#147;Option Date&#148;)
 at the rate of twenty percent (20%)&nbsp;of the Option Shares covered thereby
per year
 so long as the Optionee continues to be employed by the Company as of each vesting date
 (1)&nbsp;the Board may in its discretion permit accelerated vesting
 (2)&nbsp;the Board may tie exercisability to performance
criteria determined by the Board in its discretion
 and (3)&nbsp;the Board may tie exercisability to compliance by an Optionee with any applicable restrictive covenants. 

 each Discretionary Option shall terminate on the earlier to occur of the expiration
of (1)&nbsp;ninety days after the Optionee ceases to be an employee of the Company and (2)&nbsp;ten (10)&nbsp;years after the Option Date. 
. The performance measure(s) to be used for Restricted Stock Grants or Discretionary
Options granted to senior executive employees that are designed to qualify for the performance-based compensation exception under Section&nbsp;162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended shall be chosen from among: 
















 but not limited to
 operating cash flow and free cash flow); 






























 subsidiary level
 division level
 or business unit level. 
Purchase of Investment Shares. Eligible Employees may also become &#147;Participants&#148; in the Plan and invest up to ten percent
(10%)&nbsp;of their most recent annual compensation (base salary and bonus
 if any) in whole shares (&#147;Investment Shares&#148;) of Class&nbsp;A Stock. The number of Investment Shares which can be purchased by each Participant will be computed by
dividing 10% of the Participant&#146;s eligible compensation up to a maximum of $175
000 by the Investment Share Value (as defined in Section&nbsp;7(c)). After a Participant has been employed by the Company for at least two (2)&nbsp;years
Investment Shares will be issued at a discount from Investment Share Value based on length of service. The cost to the Participant will be the Investment Share Value
 discounted
 if applicable
 according to the schedule in Section&nbsp;7(c). For
each full year Investment Shares are held after issuance and the Participant remains employed with the Company
 twenty percent (20%)&nbsp;will become fully vested
 except for those Participants who are age 64 or older
 for whom one hundred percent
(100%)&nbsp;of the Investment Shares will become fully vested (&#147;Vested Shares&#148;). Investment Shares not yet vested shall cease to vest upon the termination of a Participant&#146;s employment with the Company
 except as otherwise then
determined by the Board
 unless such termination was because of death or disability
 whereupon such death or disability termination the Participant&#146;s unvested Investment Shares shall vest. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 unvested Investment
Shares outstanding at January&nbsp;1
 2014 shall also vest upon the Participant&#146;s attainment of age 65 while employed by the Company
 and Investment Shares issued to a Participant on or after January&nbsp;1
 2014 who is age 64 or older shall
(a) The maximum number of Investment
Shares that may be issued to each Participant at any time will be equal to ten percent (10%)&nbsp;of his or her most recent annual compensation (base salary and bonus
 if any) up to a maximum of $175
000
 divided by the applicable Discounted
Investment Share Value then in effect under Section&nbsp;7(c)
 below. 
 



Investment Share Value shall be the closing price at which shares of Class&nbsp;A stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange or on any other exchange on which such shares may be traded
 on the day next preceding the date of a Participant&#146;s
investment in Investment Shares
 which ordinarily shall be effective as of January&nbsp;1 in each applicable year. The issuance price for Investment Shares will be the &#147;Discounted Investment Share Value&#148;
 determined based on discounts from
Investment Share Value
Prior to 2 full years of employment
 there will
After 2 full years of employment
 the discount will be 20% 

 the discount will be 30% 

 the discount will be 40% 

 including on the amount of taxable
income realized by him or her by reason of the purchase of Investment Shares at Discounted Investment Share Value
 whether recognized at the time of purchase or upon vesting. 

 pursuant to an
Investment Share Escrow Agreement
(e) Each Participant who purchases Investment
Shares and who is not subject to the provisions of Section&nbsp;16(b) of the 1934 Act shall have the right at any time to cause the Company to redeem all
 but not less than all
 of the Investment Shares previously purchased by him or her but which
have not yet vested at a price equal to the lesser of (i)&nbsp;the Discounted Investment Share Value at which the Shares were issued and (ii)&nbsp;the Investment Share Value
 as of the date next preceding the date on which the Investment Shares are
(f) In the event of the termination of the employment with the Company of any Participant who holds Investment
Shares
 the Company shall have the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem within ninety (90)&nbsp;days after such termination any or all of such Investment Shares which are not Vested Shares at a price
 payable in cash
 equal to the lesser of
(i)&nbsp;the Discounted Investment Share Value at which the Shares were issued and (ii)&nbsp;the Investment Share Value
 as of the date next preceding the date on which the Investment Shares are called for redemption. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan
 the Company may delay the issuance of
Option Shares covered by the exercise of a Discretionary Option or any Restricted Stock Grant shares that have vested or Investment Shares which have become Vested Shares (in any case
 &#147;Shares&#148;) until one of the following conditions shall
be satisfied:





 as now in force or hereafter amended; or 






 which opinion shall not be unreasonably conditioned or withheld
 that the issuance of such Shares is exempt from registration under applicable federal and state
securities acts
Moreover
 unless the Shares to be issued have been effectively registered under the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#147;Act&#148;)
 the Company shall be under no obligation to issue such Shares unless the person to whom the Shares are to be issued shall first give written representation to the Company
 satisfactory in
form and scope to the Company&#146;s counsel and upon which in the opinion of such counsel the Company may 
 



reasonably rely
 that he or she is acquiring the Shares to be issued to him or her as an investment and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof in violation of
the Act. The Company shall have no obligation
 contractual or otherwise
 to any person to register under any federal or state securities laws any Shares issued under the Plan to such person. 
 All costs and expenses of the adoption and administration of the Plan shall be borne by the Company
 and none
of such expenses shall be charged to any recipient of a Restricted Stock Grant
11. No Contractual Right to
Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any employee of the Company
 or his or her legal representatives or assigns
 or any other person claiming under or through him or her
 any
contractual or other right to participate in the benefits of the Plan. Nothing in the Plan and no action or grant thereunder shall be construed to constitute or be evidence of any agreement or understanding
 express or implied
 on the part of the
Company to employ or retain in its employ for any specific period of time any recipient of a Restricted Stock Grant
 Optionee or Participant. No Discretionary Option shall give to the recipient any rights as a stockholder in the Company or any
rights in any Option Shares
12. Dilution and
Other Adjustments.
reorganization
 merger
 consolidation
 recapitalization
 reclassification
 stock split-up
 combination of shares
 or dividends payable in capital stock
 appropriate adjustment shall be made in the number and kind of shares which may be issued under
the Plan and as to which outstanding Discretionary Options or portions thereof then unexercised shall be exercisable
 to the end that the proportionate interest of the Optionee shall be maintained as before the occurrence of such event; such
adjustment in outstanding Discretionary Options shall be made without change in the total price applicable to the unexercised portion of such Discretionary Options and with a corresponding adjustment in the exercise price per share. 
No right or interest under the Plan of any Eligible Employee shall be assignable or transferable
 in whole
or in part
 either directly or by operation of law or otherwise
 including
 but not by way of limitation
 execution
 levy
 garnishment
 attachment
 pledge
 bankruptcy or in any other manner
 other than by will or the laws of descent and
distribution; and no such right or interest of any Eligible Employee shall be subject to any obligation or liability of such Eligible Employee. The Option shall be null and void and without effect upon the bankruptcy of the Optionee or upon any
attempted assignment or transfer
 except as hereinabove provided
 including without limitation any purported assignment
 whether voluntary or by operation of law
 pledge
 hypothecation or other disposition contrary to the provisions hereof
 or levy
of execution
 attachment
 trustee process or similar process
 whether legal or equitable
14. Withholding of
The Company shall have the right to deduct from amounts otherwise payable by the Company to any recipient of a Restricted Stock Grant
 Optionee or Participant by way of salary or wages or otherwise
 any Federal
 state or
local taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to the exercise of a Discretionary Option granted under the Plan or the purchase or vesting under the Plan of Investment Shares or shares subject to a Restricted Stock Grant which results in
taxable income to the recipient of the Restricted Stock Grant
15. Amendment and Termination of the
The Board
 subject to the approval of the holders of a majority in interest of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding Class B Stock
 may at any time terminate
 extend
 or amend the Plan; provided
 however
 that termination or
amendment of the Plan shall not
 without the consent of any person affected thereby
 modify or in any way affect any Restricted Stock Grant or Discretionary Option granted
 or Investment Shares purchased
 prior to such termination or
Approved by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee and by the sole holder of the Class B Common
Stock of the Company on December&nbsp;9
 2015. 
 













 









THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. 


 2016
 by and between THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC.
 a Massachusetts corporation (the
&#147;Company&#148;)
 and Martin F. Roper
IN
CONSIDERATION OF services rendered and to be rendered by Mr.&nbsp;Roper to the Company and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein
 the Company and Mr.&nbsp;Roper hereby agree as follows: 
. The Company hereby irrevocably grants to Mr.&nbsp;Roper an option (the &#147;Option&#148;) to purchase all or any

507)
 on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 

. Subject to the provisions of Sections 2(b) and 2(c)
 the Exercise Price (&#147;Exercise Price&#148;) for the Shares shall be
 by (ii)&nbsp;the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index or in a successor broad market index selected by the Compensation Committee of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors if the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index ceases to
exist (in either case
 the &#147;Index&#148;) on the close of business on the trading date next preceding each date on which Mr.&nbsp;Roper exercises the Option (the &#147;Determination Date&#148;) plus an escalation factor of 1.5%&nbsp;per annum
(the &#147;Escalation Factor&#148;) divided by the Index on the close of business on December&nbsp;31
 2015.&nbsp;The Escalation Factor is calculated for full years as 1.5% multiplied by the Index at the close of business on the last business day of
the December.&nbsp;The Escalation Factor is calculated for partial years as 1.5% multiplied by the Determination Date day of the year divided by 365 and multiplied by the Index at the close of business on the Determination Date. 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section&nbsp;2(a)
 the Exercise Price shall in all events be not
. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section&nbsp;2(a)
 if the excess of
(i)&nbsp;the closing price of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange or on any other exchange on which such shares may be traded
 on the day next preceding a date on which Mr.&nbsp;Roper exercises the Option over
(ii)&nbsp;the Exercise Price determined in accordance with Section&nbsp;2(a) is greater than 
 the Exercise Price shall be increased to the extent necessary to reduce such excess (i.e.
 the excess as of the close of business on the
.
So long as Mr.&nbsp;Roper continues to be employed by the Company or an affiliate of the Company
 the Option shall become exercisable as follows: 




















January 1
 2019











January 1
 2020











January 1
 2021











January 1
 2022











January 1
 2023













. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection
2(d)
 if
 within twelve (12)&nbsp;months after C. James Koch and/or members of his family cease to control a majority of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding Class B Common Stock (a &#147;Change in Control&#148;)
 Mr.&nbsp;Roper&#146;s
employment with the Company or any successor employer following the Change in Control (in either case
 his &#147;Employer&#148;) is terminated by the Employer without Cause or by Mr.&nbsp;Roper for Good Reason
 the Option shall become immediately
exercisable to the extent provided below. 























 2017 but prior to January&nbsp;1











 2018 but prior to January&nbsp;1











 2019 but prior to January&nbsp;1











 2020 but prior to January&nbsp;1











 2021 but prior to January&nbsp;1














 For purposes of paragraph 2(e)
 the terms &#147;Cause&#148; and &#147;Good
&#148; shall mean: (i)&nbsp;engaging in knowing and intentional illegal
conduct that was or is materially injurious to the Company or its affiliates; (ii)&nbsp;violating a federal or state law or regulation applicable to the Company&#146;s business
 which violation was or is reasonably likely to be injurious to the
Company; (iii)&nbsp;being convicted of
 or entering a plea of nolo contendere to
 a felony or committing any act of moral turpitude
 dishonesty or fraud against
 or (iv)&nbsp;the misappropriation of material property belonging to the Company or its
&#148; shall mean without Mr.&nbsp;Roper&#146;s written consent
 (i)&nbsp;a reduction in his base
salary; or (ii)&nbsp;a relocation of his principal place of work to a location more than 50 miles away from his workplace prior to the relocation; or (iii)&nbsp;the significant reduction of his duties or responsibilities when compared to his duties
. To the extent
exercisable
 the Option may be exercised in full at one time or in part from time to time
 by giving written notice
 signed by the person or persons exercising the Option
 to the Company
 stating the number of Shares with respect to which the Option
is being exercised
 accompanied by payment in full of the Exercise Price for such Shares in cash. There shall be no exercise at any one time as to fewer than two thousand (2
000)&nbsp;Shares or all of the remaining Shares then purchasable by the
person or persons exercising the Option
 if fewer than two thousand (2
. The Option shall
terminate on the sooner to occur of (i)&nbsp;the expiration of twelve (12)&nbsp;months after Mr.&nbsp;Roper ceases to be an employee of the Company or a successor employer following a Change in Control
 regardless of the reason therefore and
(ii)&nbsp;the close of business on December&nbsp;31
 2025. 
 


. The right of
Mr.&nbsp;Roper to exercise the Option shall not be assignable or transferable by Mr.&nbsp;Roper otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
 and the Option may be exercised during the lifetime of Mr.&nbsp;Roper only by him or her.
The Option shall be null and void and without effect upon the bankruptcy of Mr.&nbsp;Roper or upon any attempted assignment or transfer
 except as hereinabove provided
 including without limitation any purported assignment
 whether voluntary or by
operation of law
 pledge
 hypothecation or other disposition contrary to the provisions hereof
 or levy of execution
 attachment
 trustee process or similar process
 whether legal or equitable
 upon the Option. 


 the Company may delay the issuance of Shares covered by the exercise of the Option
(i) The Shares with respect to which the Option has been
exercised are at the time of the issuance of such Shares effectively registered under applicable federal and state securities acts
 as now in force or hereafter amended; or 

 which opinion shall not be unreasonably conditioned or withheld
 that
the issuance of such Shares is exempt from registration under applicable federal and state securities acts
 as now in force or hereafter amended. 

Securities Act of 1933 (the &#147;1933 Act&#148;)
 upon any date on which the Option is exercised in whole or in part
 the Company shall be under no further obligation to issue Shares covered by the Option
 unless the person exercising the Option
shall give a written representation to the Company that such person is acquiring the Shares issued to him or her pursuant to such exercise of the Option for investment and not with a view to
 or for sale in connection with
 the distribution of any
such Shares
 and that he or she will make no transfer of the same except in compliance with the 1933 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and then in force
 and in such event
 the Company may place an &#147;investment
legend&#148;


. In the event that shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock are changed
into or exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of the Company or of another entity by reason of any reorganization
 merger
 consolidation
 recapitalization
 reclassification


combination of shares or dividend payable in capital stock or other securities
 appropriate adjustment shall be made in the number and kind of securities as to which the Option
 or any part thereof then unexercised
 shall be exercisable
 to the end
that the proportionate interest of Mr.&nbsp;Roper shall remain as before the occurrence of such event; such adjustment in the Option shall be made without change in the total price applicable to the unexercised portion of the Option and with a
.
Mr.&nbsp;Roper understands and agrees that his rights hereunder are conditioned on continued compliance with all of his obligations to the Company
 including obligations to protect the confidentiality of the Company&#146;s proprietary information
and the proprietary information of any of the Company&#146;s affiliates and not to compete with the Company or any of its affiliates after Mr.&nbsp;Roper&#146;s employment with the Company or any of its affiliates has terminated. In furtherance of
Mr.&nbsp;Roper&#146;s understanding and agreement
 Mr.&nbsp;Roper further agrees that
 if Mr.&nbsp;Roper breaches any post-employment confidentiality covenants or covenants not to compete with the Company or any of its affiliates
 the Company shall
be entitled
 in addition to any other remedies it may then have available to it
 to recover all profit realized by Mr.&nbsp;Roper as a result of exercises of the Option during Mr.&nbsp;Roper &#146;s last twelve (12)&nbsp;months of employment with
the Company or any of its affiliates or at any time following termination of such employment. 
 



 the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed and its corporate seal
to be hereto affixed by its officer thereunto duly authorized
 and Mr.&nbsp;Roper has hereunto set his hand and seal
 all as of the day and year first above written. 







THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC.











 Chief Financial Officer


























 MA 02493

 













 

 December&nbsp;15
PERSONAL AND
CONFIDENTIAL

 IL 60093 

 Finance of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 reporting directly to me. The following are the
parameters of our offer: 





 Senior Vice President
 Finance. You will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer of the Company at the time that position is vacated by Bill Urich
 anticipated end-February or early March
 2016.






 January&nbsp;4
 2016 





 $500
000
 payable in bi-weekly installments
 subject to applicable payroll and withholding taxes. 






 60% of paid salary each calendar year. The bonus will be tied to Company Goals to be determined annually. Bonuses are paid on calendar year performance and you must be employed on
December&nbsp;31st of the applicable year to receive the bonus. Bonus multiplier of 1.5x is available for significant performance above Target. 





 You will be granted options for Class&nbsp;A Common Stock of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. valued at approximately $4
000
000 (accounting value of the options). The Option will be granted on
the third business day after the first release of quarterly financial results following the date on which you commenced full-time employment (on or about February&nbsp;23
 2016). The number of shares will be determined based on the market price on
the day prior to the date of grant and the per share exercise price will be that market price. 






































 

 Page
 2
 













 as is the
case with other Company senior officers. Discretionary option awards are generally granted effective January&nbsp;1 each year and are based on Company and individual performance. Vesting of discretionary options is frequently both time- and
performance-based. Due to the size of the initial grant in this offer
 you should not expect any further awards to occur prior to January&nbsp;1
 2018. 





 At the same time that you will receive your Option grant
 you will be granted restricted stock in The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. valued at $1
000
000. The actual number of shares to be
granted will be determined based on the market price on the day prior to the date of grant. 






 second and third anniversary of your date of grant. 





 Your performance will be formally reviewed on an annual basis and any adjustment to compensation may require approval of the Compensation Committee. Adjustments
generally take effect as of January&nbsp;1. 





:&nbsp;Provided you agree to the Company&#146;s Relocation Payback guidelines included with this offer
 the Company will provide you with the following relocation assistance: 






 Reimbursement of third party agent commission up to 6%.&nbsp;Legal fees will be reimbursed (maximum of $2
000).







 the Company has a program which may
 in some circumstances
 provide you with some tax savings related to the transaction.&nbsp;When the time comes to place your house
on the market
 






 including but not limited to
 covering a negative equity position
 guaranteed buy-out of property
 etc. 






 - Purchase closing costs normally paid by the purchaser up to a maximum of 1% of the value of the loan.&nbsp;Mortgage loan points are not
reimbursed.






 including but not limited to equity loans
 advanced pay
 etc. 
 


 

 Page
 3
 





 &#150; reasonable number of trips for you and your spouse including food
 lodging and transportation (utilizing the Company&#146;s travel agency to the extent practicable). 













 &#150; lodging (e.g.
 short term apartment in Boston) through August
 2016. 





 &#150; moving company will pack and move ordinary household goods
 and two (2)&nbsp;vehicles. 












 &#150; reimbursement of actual out of pocket expenses incurred during your move
 including but not limited to application fees
 driver&#146;s license fee
 car registration fees and
utility hook-up fees. 





should you utilize temporary housing
 Boston Beer will reimburse up to $2
000 (net of taxes) each month for miscellaneous commuting and travel expenses through August
2016. 





 During the first two (2)&nbsp;years of your employment
 in addition to 10 company holidays
 you will be eligible for seventeen (17)&nbsp;PTO days per year
 accruing at 2.62 hours /
week
 which will be pro-rated during your first year of employment. On your second anniversary
 you will be eligible for twenty-two (22)&nbsp;PTO days per year
 accruing at 3.38 hours / week. You will begin accruing PTO immediately
 and we encourage
you to take all of this time within the calendar year in which accrued. 





 You will be eligible to participate in the Company&#146;s medical and dental programs upon your first day of employment with us. You will be eligible to participate in our 401(k) plan at the
beginning of the month following your start date. Enclosed you will find a more detailed description of our benefits package and payroll information. You should complete the enclosed forms and send them to Ai-Li Lim
 VP of Human Resources
 at the
above address prior to your first day of employment with us. If you have specific questions regarding your benefits
 you may contact Ai-Li directly at . Please note &#151; it is imperative that you provide I-9 documentation to Ai-Li on or before
your first day so we are able to add you to our payroll system. Failure to do so may delay your first paycheck. 





 Enclosed are two (2)&nbsp;copies of an Employment Agreement
 which includes
 among other provisions
 an agreement to protect the Company&#146;s proprietary and confidential
information and a covenant not to compete. This offer is contingent on your signing the Employment Agreement prior to your start date. Please sign both copies and send to Ai-Li Lim. You will receive a fully-executed copy of the agreement for your
files after your start date. 
 


 

 Page
 4
 





 Your employment is
 and will at all times remain
 at will
 meaning that you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time
 with or without cause
 for any reason or for no
reason. It also means that
 if your employment is terminated by the Company
 you have no legal entitlement to severance pay. By accepting our offer of employment you confirm that you understand your at-will status. 

 your compensation
 equity grants
 and biographical information may be disclosed publicly in our proxy statement and other
public documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also
 all aspects of your compensation may be subject to Compensation Committee review and approval from time to time. The Company has also established claw-back provisions to
All employees are expected to abide by our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and Insider Trading Policy
(copies of which are enclosed)
Please indicate your acceptance of this offer
by signing one copy of this letter and returning it to Ai-Li Lim by fax at or by mail at the above address. This offer is valid until December&nbsp;24
 2016 and is contingent upon our receipt of satisfactory background and reference checks
 as well
Frank
 we are delighted to extend this offer and hope you decide to join
Best regards
 



















 


 

 Page
 5
 
 













December&nbsp;16
 2015








 













 

 December&nbsp;18
PERSONAL AND
117 Willowdale
Montclair
 NJ 07042 

 Supply Chain of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 reporting directly to me initially
 but if
the Company decides to add a Chief Operating Officer at some point in the future
 reporting relationships could change. The following are the parameters of our offer: 





: Senior Vice President
 Supply Chain 





 Initially breweries
 engineering
 safety
 production quality
 and scheduling. Potential additions of procurement and customer service/freight when initial areas are performing.






: February&nbsp;15
 2016 





 $350
000
 payable in bi-weekly installments
 subject to applicable payroll and withholding taxes. 






 50% of paid salary each calendar year. The bonus will be tied to Company Goals to be determined annually. Bonuses are paid on calendar year performance and you must be employed on
December&nbsp;31st of the applicable year to receive the bonus. Bonus multiplier of 1.5x is available for significant performance above Target. 





 You will be granted options for Class&nbsp;A Common Stock of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. valued at approximately $2
000
000 (estimated at the current stock price of ~$205 is approximately
21
000 shares). The Option will be granted on the third business day after the first release of quarterly financial results following the date on which you commenced full-time employment (next date would be on or about February&nbsp;23
 2016). The
number of shares will be determined based on the market price on the day prior to the date of grant and the per share exercise price will be that market price. 


























 

 Page
 2
 

























 as is the
case with other Company senior officers. Discretionary option awards are generally granted effective January&nbsp;1 each year and are based on Company and individual performance. Vesting of discretionary options is frequently both time- and
performance-based. Due to the size of the initial grant in this offer
 you should not expect any further awards to occur prior to January&nbsp;1
 2018. 





 At the same time that you will receive your Option grant
 you will be granted restricted stock in The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. valued at $750
000. The actual number of shares to be
granted will be determined based on the market price on the day prior to the date of grant. 






 second and third anniversary of your date of grant. 





 Your performance will be formally reviewed on an annual basis and any adjustment to compensation may require approval of the Compensation Committee. Adjustments
generally take effect as of January&nbsp;1. 





:&nbsp;We understand that you do not wish to relocate at this time and will establish a home office in NJ and travel to our company locations. Such travel will be subject to the Company&#146;s
However
 if and when you do decide to relocate
 and provided you agree to the
Company&#146;s Relocation Payback guidelines included with this offer and the Company agrees to such relocation
 the Company will provide you with the following relocation assistance to the Boston area or another mutually agreed-upon location: 






 Reimbursement of third party agent commission up to 6%.&nbsp;Legal fees will be reimbursed (maximum of $2
000).







 the Company has a program which may
 in some circumstances
 provide you with some tax savings related to the transaction.&nbsp;When the time comes to place your house
on the market
 






 including but not limited to
 covering a negative equity position
 guaranteed buy-out of property
 etc. 
 


 

 Page
 3
 





&#151;Purchase closing costs normally paid by the purchaser up to a maximum of 1% of the value of the loan.&nbsp;Mortgage loan points are not
reimbursed.






 including but not limited to equity loans
 advanced pay
 etc. 






 &#150; reasonable number of trips for you and your spouse including food
 lodging and transportation (utilizing the Company&#146;s travel agency to the extent practicable). 



















 &#150; moving company will pack and move ordinary household goods
 and two (2)&nbsp;vehicles. 












 &#150; reimbursement of actual out of pocket expenses incurred during your move
 including but not limited to application fees
 driver&#146;s license fee
 car registration fees and
utility hook-up fees. 





 During the first two (2)&nbsp;years of your employment
 in addition to 10 company holidays
 you will be eligible for seventeen (17)&nbsp;PTO days per year
 accruing at 2.62 hours /
week
 which will be pro-rated during your first year of employment. On your second anniversary
 you will be eligible for twenty-two (22)&nbsp;PTO days per year
 accruing at 3.38 hours / week. You will begin accruing PTO immediately
 and we encourage
you to take all of this time within the calendar year in which accrued. 





 You will be eligible to participate in the Company&#146;s medical and dental programs upon your first day of employment with us. You will be eligible to participate in our 401(k) plan at the
beginning of the month following your start date. Enclosed you will find a more detailed description of our benefits package and payroll information. You should complete the enclosed forms and send them to Ai-Li Lim
 VP of Human Resources
 at the
above address prior to your first day of employment with us. If you have specific questions regarding your benefits
 you may contact Ai-Li directly at. Please note &#151; it is imperative that you provide I-9 documentation to Ai-Li on or before your
first day so we are able to add you to our payroll system. Failure to do so may delay your first paycheck. 





 Enclosed are two (2)&nbsp;copies of an Employment Agreement
 which includes
 among other provisions
 an agreement to protect the Company&#146;s proprietary and confidential
information and a covenant not to compete. This offer is contingent on your signing the Employment Agreement prior to your start date. Please sign both copies and send to Ai-Li Lim. You will receive a fully-executed copy of the agreement for your
files after your start date. 
 


 

 Page
 4
 





 Your employment is
 and will at all times remain
 at will
 meaning that you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time
 with or without cause
 for any reason or for no
reason. It also means that
 if your employment is terminated by the Company
 you have no legal entitlement to severance pay. By accepting our offer of employment you confirm that you understand your at-will status. 

 your compensation
 equity grants
 and biographical information may be disclosed publicly in our proxy statement and other
public documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also
 all aspects of your compensation may be subject to Compensation Committee review and approval from time to time. The Company has also established claw-back provisions to
All employees are expected to abide by our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and Insider Trading Policy
(copies of which are enclosed)
Please indicate your acceptance of this offer
by signing one copy of this letter and returning it to Ai-Li Lim by fax at or by mail at the above address. This offer is valid until January&nbsp;4
 2016 and is contingent upon our receipt of satisfactory background and reference checks
 as well as
Quincy
 we are delighted to extend this offer and hope you decide to join
Best regards
 



















 


 

 Page
 5
 
 













December&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2015








 













 

The Boston Beer
Company
 Inc. 
December&nbsp;26
A&amp;S Brewing
Collaborative LLC 
(a Massachusetts limited liability
Angry Orchard Cider Company
(a Delaware
(a
Boston Beer Corporation Canada
 Inc. 
Boston Brewing Company
 Inc.
Freetown Acquisition
Company
 LLC 

(a Delaware limited liability
Providence Street Associates
(an Ohio
SABC Realty
(an Ohio
(a Delaware
limited liability company) 













 


 333-163314
 333-163315
 333-12221
 333-85110
 333-85112
 333-121057
333-140250
 and 333-148374 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February&nbsp;18
 2016
 relating to the 2015 consolidated financial statements of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 and the effectiveness of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting
 appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015. 
Boston
 Massachusetts 

 2016 













 








 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 





 INC. 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
 






 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 





 INC. 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
 






 INC. 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
 






 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 





 INC. 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
 






 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 and 






 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. 

 2015
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. as of December&nbsp;27
2014 and for each of the two years in the period ended December&nbsp;27
 2014 included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of the Boston Beer Company
 Inc. for the year ended December&nbsp;26
 2015. 
Boston
 Massachusetts 

 2016 













 

 Martin F. Roper
1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of The Boston Beer Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The
registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2016 

























 

 William F. Urich
1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of The Boston Beer Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The
registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2016 

























 

 Inc. 
18
U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Martin F. Roper
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code
 that this
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of
Date: February&nbsp;18
 2016 









A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 or other document authenticating
acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 has been provided to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and will be retained by The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 













 

 Inc. 
18
U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December&nbsp;26
 2015 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 William F. Urich
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code
 that this Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of
Date: February&nbsp;18
 2016 









A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 or other document authenticating
acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 has been provided to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and will be retained by The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s primary financial instruments consisted of cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014. The
 Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and
 liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) Topic 820
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and
 Disclosures&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#x201C;ASC 820&amp;#x201D;).
 The Company believes that the carrying amount of its cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of
 these assets and liabilities. The Company is not exposed to
 significant interest
 currency or credit risks arising from these
 financial assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s reconciliations to statutory rates are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deduction relating to U.S. production activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in uncertain tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;E. Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;387
180&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Kegs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72
124&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Building and building improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101
836&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Office equipment and furniture&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;617
214&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;553
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;172
410&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;409
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;381
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company recorded depreciation and amortization expense related
 to these assets of $43.4 million
 $34.8 million
 and $25.7 million
 in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment of Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company evaluates its assets for impairment when events
 indicate that an asset or asset group may have suffered impairment.
 During 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company recorded impairment
 charges of $0.3 million
 $1.8 million
 and $1.6 million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade
 receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
 that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known
 disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances
 combined with management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future potential
 recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance
 after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company
 believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 are adequate
 but
 actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Long-lived assets are recorded at cost and depreciated over their
 estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there
 are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management
 has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when
 indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if
 an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the
 asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss
 would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is
 identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of
 the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the
 Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more
 appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record
 additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
 earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Factors generally considered important which could trigger an
 impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets
 include the following: (1)&amp;#xA0;significant underperformance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results;
 (2)&amp;#xA0;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired
 assets or the strategy for the Company&amp;#x2019;s overall business;
 (3)&amp;#xA0;underutilization of assets; and (4)&amp;#xA0;discontinuance of
 products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that
 the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued deposits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
367&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued freight&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
265&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued excise taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
976&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
034&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued stale beer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued sales and use tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
187&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 projected cash outflows under
 contractual obligations for the remaining years under the contracts
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payments Due by Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2019-2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Thereafter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Hops
 barley and wheat&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
195&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
727&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Apples and other ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Advertising&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
826&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;287&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equipment and machinery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Glass bottles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
955&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
286&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
302&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total contractual obligations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207
458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;155
028&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
286&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;C. Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 apple
 juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at the
 lower of cost
 determined on the first-in
 first-out basis
 or
 market. The Company&amp;#x2019;s goal is to maintain on-hand a supply of
 approximately two years for essential hop varieties
 in order to
 limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. Inventories
 are generally classified as current assets. The Company classifies
 hops inventory in excess of two years of forecasted usage in other
 long term assets. The cost elements of work in process and finished
 goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and
 manufacturing overhead. Inventories consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw Materials&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work in process&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Finished Goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
793&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less portion in other long term assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC
 Topic&amp;#xA0;718
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Stock
 Compensation&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#x201C;ASC 718&amp;#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of share-based compensation
 costs in financial statements based on fair value. Compensation
 cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is
 required to provide services in exchange for the award (the
 requisite service period). The amount of compensation cost
 recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 is based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and therefore
 reduced for estimated forfeitures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice
 model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the
 fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 and
 2016 stock option grants to the Company&amp;#x2019;s Chief Executive
 Officer
 which is considered to be a market-based award and was
 valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which
 calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes
 fair value based on the most likely outcome. See Note M for further
 discussion of the application of the option-pricing models.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;M. Common Stock and Share-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except
 (1)&amp;#xA0;as required by law
 (2)&amp;#xA0;for the election of
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Directors
 and (3)&amp;#xA0;that the approval of the
 holders of the Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock is required for
 (a)&amp;#xA0;certain future authorizations or issuances of additional
 securities which have rights senior to Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 (b)&amp;#xA0;certain alterations of rights or terms of the Class&amp;#xA0;A
 or Class B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of
 Organization of the Company
 (c)&amp;#xA0;other amendments of the
 Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&amp;#xA0;certain mergers
 or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 and
 (e)&amp;#xA0;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Class B Common Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Class B Common Stock has full voting rights
 including the
 right to (1)&amp;#xA0;elect a majority of the members of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Board of Directors and (2)&amp;#xA0;approve all
 (a)&amp;#xA0;amendments to the Company&amp;#x2019;s Articles of
 Organization
 (b)&amp;#xA0;mergers or consolidations with
 or
 acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&amp;#xA0;sales or dispositions of
 any significant portion of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets
 and
 (d)&amp;#xA0;equity-based and other executive compensation and other
 significant corporate matters. The Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;B
 Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class&amp;#xA0;B
 Common Stock is freely convertible into one share of Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock
 upon request of any Class&amp;#xA0;B holder
 and
 participates equally in earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 All distributions with respect to the Company&amp;#x2019;s capital stock
 are restricted by the Company&amp;#x2019;s credit agreement
 with the
 exception of distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 repurchase from former employees of non-vested investment shares of
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock issued under the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity
 incentive plan
 redemption of certain shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash
 dividends to its holders of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Employee Stock Compensation Plan&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the
 &amp;#x201C;Equity Plan&amp;#x201D;) currently provides for the grant of
 discretionary options and restricted stock awards to employees
 and
 provides for shares to be sold to employees of the Company at a
 discounted purchase price under its investment share program. The
 Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the
 Company
 based on recommendations received from the Compensation
 Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee
 consists of three independent directors. In determining the
 quantities and types of awards for grant
 the Compensation
 Committee periodically reviews the objectives of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s compensation system and takes into account the
 position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the
 nature and value to the Company of his or her service and
 accomplishments
 his or her present and potential contributions to
 the success of the Company
 the value of the type of awards to the
 employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems
 relevant.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Stock options and related vesting requirements and terms are
 granted at the Board of Directors&amp;#x2019; discretion
 but generally
 vest ratably over five-year periods and
 with respect to certain
 options granted to members of senior management
 based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual
 term of stock options is ten years
 although the Board of Directors
 may grant options that exceed the ten-year term. During fiscal
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company granted options to purchase
 18
723
 7
090
 and 40
925&amp;#xA0;shares
 respectively
 of its
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock to employees at market price on the grant
 dates. Of the 2015 option grants
 14
742&amp;#xA0;shares relate to
 performance-based option grants and 3
981 relate to special
 long-term service-based retention stock options. Of the 2014 option
 grants
 all shares relate to performance-based option grants. Of
 the 2013 option grants
 10
925&amp;#xA0;shares relate to
 performance-based option grants
 15
000&amp;#xA0;shares relate to a
 long-term performance-based option
 and 15
000&amp;#xA0;shares relate
 to special long-term service-based retention stock options. The
 number of shares that will vest under the performance-based options
 depends on the level of performance targets attained on various
 dates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 the Company granted options to purchase an
 aggregate of 663
136 shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock with a weighted average fair value of $46.80 per
 share
 of which 574
507&amp;#xA0;shares relate to a special long-term
 service-based retention stock option issued to the Chief Executive
 Officer
 70
502&amp;#xA0;shares relate to other special long-term
 service-based retention stock options and 18
127&amp;#xA0;shares relate
 to performance-based stock options .&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Restricted stock awards are also granted at the Board of
 Directors&amp;#x2019; discretion. During fiscal 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company granted 6
092
 16
432
 and 11
987 shares
 respectively
 of restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key
 employees
 most of which are service-based and generally vest
 ratably over service periods of five years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Equity Plan also has an investment share program which permits
 employees who have been with the Company for at least one year to
 purchase shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock at a discount from
 current market value of 0% to 40%
 based on the employee&amp;#x2019;s
 tenure with the Company. Investment shares vest ratably over
 service periods of five years. Participants may pay for these
 shares either up front or through payroll deductions over an
 eleven-month period during the year of purchase. During fiscal
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 employees elected to purchase an aggregate of
 8
301
 8
516
 and 12
894 investment shares
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 the Company granted 8
921 shares of
 restricted stock awards to certain senior managers and key
 employees of which all shares vest ratably over service periods of
 five years. On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 employees elected to purchase
 9
133 shares under the investment share program.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On December&amp;#xA0;9
 2015
 the Equity Plan was amended whereby the
 number of shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock reserved for issuance
 under the plan was increased from 6.0&amp;#xA0;million to 6.7 million.
 As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 1.4&amp;#xA0;million shares remained
 available for grant. Shares reserved for issuance under cancelled
 employee stock options and forfeited restricted stock are returned
 to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or
 purchases. The Company also purchases unvested investment shares
 from employees who have left the Company at the lesser of
 (i)&amp;#xA0;the price paid for the shares when the employee acquired
 the shares or (ii)&amp;#xA0;the fair market value of the shares as of
 the date next preceding the date on which the shares are called for
 redemption by the Company. These shares are also returned to the
 reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Non-Employee Director Options&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has a stock option plan for non-employee directors of
 the Company (the &amp;#x201C;Non-Employee Director Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 pursuant to which each non-employee director of the Company is
 granted an option to purchase shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock upon election or re-election to the Board
 of Directors. Stock options issued to non-employee directors vest
 upon grant and have a maximum contractual term of ten years. During
 fiscal 2015
 2014
 and 2013 the Company granted options to purchase
 an aggregate of 5
640
 6
696
 and 9
864&amp;#xA0;shares of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock to non-employee
 directors
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has reserved 550
000 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock for issuance pursuant to the Non-Employee Director Plan
 of
 which 102
933 shares were available for grant as of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015. Cancelled non-employee directors&amp;#x2019;
 stock options are returned to the reserve under the Non-Employee
 Director Plan for future grants.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Option Activity&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the
 Non-Employee Director Plan is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual Term&lt;br /&gt;
 in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;br /&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
380
444&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55.37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;283.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(277
645&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
127
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161
603&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;380
543&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested and expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
089
831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Of the total options outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 117
352
 shares were performance-based options.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock Option Grants to Chief Executive Officer&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2008
 the Company granted the Chief Executive
 Officer an option to purchase 753
864&amp;#xA0;shares of its
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014
 at the rate of 20%&amp;#xA0;per
 year. The exercise price is determined by multiplying $42.00 by the
 aggregate change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2008 through the close of business on the trading
 date next preceding each date on which the option is exercised. The
 exercise price will not be less than $37.65 per share and the
 excess of the fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock cannot exceed $70 per share over the exercise price. At
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 452
319 shares
 and 603
092&amp;#xA0;shares of the stock option remained outstanding
 respectively. If the outstanding shares at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 were exercised on that date
 the exercise price would have been
 $135.40 per share. If the outstanding shares at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 were exercised on that date
 the exercise price would have
 been $225.74 per share. Reflected in the table above is the minimum
 exercise price of $37.65. The Company is accounting for this award
 as a market-based award which was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo
 Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential
 outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most
 likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the
 Company calculated the weighted average fair value per share to be
 $8.41
 and recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.5
 $0.7
 and $1.0
&amp;#xA0;million related to this option in the fiscal 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 the Company granted the Chief Executive
 Officer an option to purchase 574
507&amp;#xA0;shares of its
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 which vests over a five-year period
 commencing on January&amp;#xA0;1
 2019
 at the rate of 20%&amp;#xA0;per
 year. The exercise price is determined by multiplying $201.91 by
 the aggregate percentage change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from
 and after January&amp;#xA0;1
 2016 through the close of business on the
 trading date next preceding each date on which the option is
 exercised
 plus an additional 1.5&amp;#xA0;percentage points per annum
 prorated for partial years. The exercise price will not be less
 than $201.91 per share and the excess of the fair value of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock cannot exceed $150 per
 share over the exercise price. The Company is accounting for this
 award as a market-based award which was valued utilizing the Monte
 Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential
 outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most
 likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the
 Company calculated the weighted average fair value per share to be
 $39.16.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table provides information regarding stock-based
 compensation expense included in operating expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in general and administrative expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
515&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
318&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts related to performance-based stock awards included in total
 stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
401&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As permitted by ASC&amp;#xA0;718
 the Company uses a lattice model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair
 values of stock options. The Company believes that the
 Black-Scholes option-pricing model is less effective than the
 binomial option-pricing model in valuing long-term options
 as it
 assumes that volatility and interest rates are constant over the
 life of the option. In addition
 the Company believes that the
 binomial option-pricing model more accurately reflects the fair
 value of its stock awards
 as it takes into account historical
 employee exercise patterns based on changes in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 stock price and other relevant variables. The weighted-average fair
 value of stock options granted during 2015
 2014
 and 2013 was
 $128.54
 $106.81 and $60.99 per share
 respectively
 as calculated
 using a binomial option-pricing model.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock
 options on the date of grants are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.2%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.3%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33.9%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.16%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.83%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.85%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercise factor&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.8&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount for post-vesting restrictions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Expected volatility is based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s historical
 realized volatility. The risk-free interest rate represents the
 implied yields available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield
 curve over the contractual term of the option when using the
 binomial option-pricing model. Expected dividend yield is 0%
 because the Company has not paid dividends in the past and
 currently has no known intention to do so in the future. Exercise
 factor and discount for post-vesting restrictions are based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s traded stock price on the date of the grants. Fair
 value of investment shares is calculated using the binomial
 option-pricing model.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company uses the straight-line attribution method in
 recognizing stock-based compensation expense for awards that vest
 based on service conditions. For awards that vest subject to
 performance conditions
 compensation expense is recognized ratably
 for each tranche of the award over the performance period if it is
 probable that performance conditions will be met.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Under ASC 718
 compensation expense is recognized less estimated
 forfeitures. Because most of the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity awards vest
 on January&amp;#xA0;1&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;each year
 the Company
 recognized stock-based compensation expense related to those
 awards
 net of actual forfeitures. For equity awards that do not
 vest on January&amp;#xA0;1&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;
 the estimated
 forfeiture rate used was 5.0%. The forfeiture rate was based upon
 historical experience and the Company periodically reviews this
 rate to ensure proper projection of future forfeitures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The total fair value of options vested during 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 was $4.1&amp;#xA0;million
 $3.8&amp;#xA0;million
 and $4.7&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options
 exercised during 2015
 2014
 and 2013 was $37.7&amp;#xA0;million
 $45.8&amp;#xA0;million
 and $12.5&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Based on equity awards outstanding as of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 there is $10.0&amp;#xA0;million of unrecognized compensation costs
 net
 of estimated forfeitures
 related to unvested share-based
 compensation arrangements that are expected to vest. Such costs are
 expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
 2.2&amp;#xA0;years. The following table summarizes the estimated future
 annual stock-based compensation expense related to share-based
 arrangements existing as of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 that are
 expected to vest (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
695&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
030&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Non-Vested Shares Activity&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued
 under the investment share program and restricted stock awards:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-vested at December 27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;116.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195.16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(25
732&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79.44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(837&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;121.04&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-vested at December 26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;150.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock Repurchase Program&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;10
 2016
 the Board of Directors of the Company
 increased the aggregate expenditure limit for the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Stock Repurchase Program by $50.0&amp;#xA0;million
 thereby increasing
 the limit from $525.0&amp;#xA0;million to $575.0&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company has repurchased a
 cumulative total of approximately 11.5&amp;#xA0;million shares of its
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately $446.1&amp;#xA0;million as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&amp;#xA0;Purchase&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
696
731&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
892
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
921
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;307
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;616
747&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138
705&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
538
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;446
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of Goods Sold&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following expenses are included in cost of goods sold: raw
 material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to
 deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing
 labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs
 relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation
 expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the estimated future annual
 stock-based compensation expense related to share-based
 arrangements existing as of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 that are
 expected to vest (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
695&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
030&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;F. Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of the
 Company-owned breweries over the fair value of the net assets
 acquired upon the completion of the acquisitions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s changes to the
 carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are
 wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
 eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year is a fifty-two or fifty-three week
 period ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal periods
 of 2015
 2014 and 2013 consist of fifty-two weeks.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s changes to the
 carrying amount of goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
 equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash
 equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s cash and cash
 equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S.
 government agency corporate money market accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers
 in the United States and to a network of wholesalers
 importers or
 other agencies (collectively referred to as
 &amp;#x201C;Distributors&amp;#x201D;). In 2015
 sales to foreign Distributors
 were approximately 4% of total sales. Receivables arising from
 these sales are not collateralized; however
 credit risk is
 minimized as a result of the large and diverse nature of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s customer base. The Company establishes an allowance
 for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit
 risk of specific customers
 historical trends and other
 information. There were no individual customer accounts receivable
 balances outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 that were in excess of 10% of the gross
 accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers
 represented more than 10% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues during
 fiscal years 2015
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net Income Per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by
 the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income
 per share is calculated by dividing net income by the
 weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities
 outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or
 the two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Significant components of the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are as follows at:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
435&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
087&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
398&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
886&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
480&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
049&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
444&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(69
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61
057&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
080&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(695&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(71
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(62
832&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
018&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
032&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;K. Fair Value Measures&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received
 to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
 The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy
 which
 prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels
 and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest
 level of input that is available and significant to the fair value
 measurement. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
 quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 (Level&amp;#xA0;1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable
 inputs (Level&amp;#xA0;3 measurements).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;
 Level&amp;#xA0;1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
 markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting
 entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;
 Level&amp;#xA0;2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included
 within Level&amp;#xA0;1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a
 specified (contractual) term
 a Level&amp;#xA0;2 input must be
 observable for substantially the full term of the asset or
 liability.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;
 Level&amp;#xA0;3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or
 liability in which there is little
 if any
 market activity for the
 asset or liability at the measurement date.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 All financial assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value
 on a recurring basis (at least annually) have been segregated into
 the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on
 the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement
 date.&amp;#xA0;The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis are summarized in the table below (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s cash equivalents listed above represent money
 market mutual fund securities and are classified within Level 1 of
 the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted
 market prices.&amp;#xA0;The Company does not adjust the quoted market
 price for such financial instruments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cash
 certificates of deposit
 receivables and payables are carried
 at their cost
 which approximates fair value
 because of their
 short-term nature. Financial instruments not recorded at fair value
 in the consolidated financial statements are summarized in the
 table below (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers (Topic&amp;#xA0;606)&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-09 will supersede
 virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an
 entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised
 goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the
 expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
 services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and
 make more estimates than under the current guidance.
 ASU&amp;#xA0;2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each
 prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or
 only to the most current reporting period presented in the
 financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to
 retained earnings. The Company will elect to apply the impact (if
 any) of applying ASU&amp;#xA0;2014-09 to the most current reporting
 period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative
 effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB
 issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-14
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective
 Date&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;(&amp;#x201C;ASU 2015-14&amp;#x201D;).
 ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of ASU&amp;#xA0;2014-09 for one
 year
 making it effective for the year beginning December&amp;#xA0;31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The
 Company is currently evaluating the impact ASU&amp;#xA0;2014-09 and has
 preliminarily concluded that it will not significantly affect how
 revenue for contracts with customers is recognized.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-04
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Practical Expedient for the
 Measurement Date of an Employer&amp;#x2019;s Defined Benefit Obligation
 and Plan Assets&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-04 gives an employer whose fiscal
 year-end does not coincide with a calendar month-end (e.g.
 an
 entity that has a 52- or 53-week fiscal year) the ability
 as a
 practical expedient
 to measure defined benefit retirement
 obligations and related plan assets as of the month-end that is
 closest to its fiscal year-end. ASU 2015-04 will be effective
 prospectively for the year beginning December&amp;#xA0;27
 2015. The
 Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2015-04 and has
 preliminarily concluded that it will not significantly affect the
 measurement of defined benefit retirement obligations and related
 plan assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-11
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330)
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-11 is part
 of the FASB&amp;#x2019;s initiative to simplify accounting standards.
 The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope
 of the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net
 realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
 course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of
 completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU&amp;#xA0;2015-11 will be
 effective prospectively for the year beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
 ASU&amp;#xA0;2015-11 will have on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-17
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet
 Classification of Deferred Taxes&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-17 is part of the
 FASB&amp;#x2019;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The
 guidance requires an entity to present deferred tax assets and
 deferred tax liabilities as noncurrent in the consolidated balance
 sheet. ASU 2015-17 permits entities to apply the amendments either
 prospectively or retrospectively. ASU 2015-17 will be effective for
 the year beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The Company is currently
 evaluating the impact ASU 2015-17. As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company had $7.0 million and $8.7
 million
 respectively
 of current deferred tax assets on the
 consolidated balance sheet that would be classified as noncurrent
 under the new guidance.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income
 per share using the two-class method:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net Income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allocation of net income for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
035&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;510&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock*&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Change in Class B Common Stock
 resulted from the conversion of 150
000 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock on May&amp;#xA0;6
 2015 and 100
000 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock on October&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 with the 52-week number of
 shares reflecting the weighted average for the period.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and
 liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax
 assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
 events that have been recognized in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in
 differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In
 estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are
 generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided when
 recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than
 not standards as defined in ASC Topic&amp;#xA0;740
&lt;i&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The calculation of the Company&amp;#x2019;s tax liabilities involves
 dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax
 regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The
 Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the
 amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the
 timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among
 various tax jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves
 for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income
 tax returns that do not meet the more likely than not standards as
 defined in ACS Topic&amp;#xA0;740
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
 tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increases related to current year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increases related to prior year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Significant components of the provision for income taxes are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;587&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
802&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total provision for income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
596&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;L. Brewery Acquisitions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On August&amp;#xA0;26
 2013
 A&amp;amp;S acquired substantially all of the
 assets of the Coney Island business (&amp;#x201C;Coney Island&amp;#x201D;)
 and certain other assets from Shmaltz Brewing Company for an
 aggregate purchase price of $2.9&amp;#xA0;million. Costs related to the
 acquisition of Coney Island were not significant and were expensed
 as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The allocation of the purchase price is based on management&amp;#x2019;s
 judgment after evaluating several factors
 including valuation
 assessments of tangible and intangible assets. The allocation of
 the purchase price is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets acquired and cash paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has assigned an indefinite life to the acquired trade
 name and the related value is included in other assets in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Goodwill resulting from
 this acquisition is expected to be amortizable for tax purposes.
 The operating results of Coney Island since the acquisition date
 are included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Net revenue includes product sales
 less the distributor
 promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as
 discussed below in Customer Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer
 accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product
 sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following
 conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales
 proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue
 recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
 conditions are met. As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company has deferred $3.9&amp;#xA0;million
 and $6.0&amp;#xA0;million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior
 to these dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and
 other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In certain circumstances and with the Company&amp;#x2019;s approval
 the
 Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by
 Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty
 percent of the distributor&amp;#x2019;s cost of the beer that has passed
 its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
 Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes
 an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to
 an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of
 specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in
 the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue;
 however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company
 could differ from the estimated accrual.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;H. Debt and Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Line of Credit&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has a credit facility in place that provides for a
 $150.0 million revolving line of credit which has a term not
 scheduled to expire until March&amp;#xA0;31
 2019. The Company may
 elect an interest rate for borrowings under the credit facility
 based on either (i)&amp;#xA0;the Alternative Prime Rate (3.50% at
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015) or (ii)&amp;#xA0;the applicable LIBOR rate
 (0.36% at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015) plus 0.45%. The Company incurs an
 annual commitment fee of 0.15% on the unused portion of the
 facility and is obligated to meet certain financial covenants
 which are measured using earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation and amortization (&amp;#x201C;EBITDA&amp;#x201D;) based ratios.
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s EBITDA to interest expense ratio was 9
810 as
 of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 compared to a minimum allowable ratio of
 2.00 and the Company&amp;#x2019;s total funded debt to EBITDA ratio was
 0.00 as of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 compared to a maximum allowable
 ratio of 2.50. The Company was in compliance with all financial
 covenants as of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014.
 There were no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility as
 of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 There are also certain restrictive covenants set forth in the
 credit agreement. Pursuant to the negative covenants
 the Company
 has agreed that it will not: enter into any indebtedness or
 guarantees other than those specified by the lender
 enter into any
 sale and leaseback transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of
 significant assets without the lender&amp;#x2019;s prior written
 consent
 make or maintain any investments other than those
 permitted in the credit agreement
 or enter into any transactions
 with affiliates outside of the ordinary course of business. In
 addition
 the credit agreement requires the Company to obtain prior
 written consent from the lender on distributions on account of
 or
 in repurchase
 retirement or purchase of its capital stock or other
 equity interests with the exception of the following:
 (a)&amp;#xA0;distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The
 Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (a subsidiary
 of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
 (b)&amp;#xA0;repurchase from former
 employees of non-vested investment shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock
 issued under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 and
 (c)&amp;#xA0;redemption of shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock as
 approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash dividends to
 its holders of common stock. Borrowings under the credit facility
 may be used for working capital
 capital expenditures and general
 corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. In the
 event of a default that has not been cured
 the credit facility
 would terminate and any unpaid principal and accrued interest would
 become due and payable.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued
 under the investment share program and restricted stock awards:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-vested at December 27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;116.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195.16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(25
732&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79.44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(837&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;121.04&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-vested at December 26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;150.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In management&amp;#x2019;s opinion
 the following unaudited information
 includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring
 adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the information
 for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter
 are not necessarily indicative of results for any future
 quarters.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=36%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For Quarters Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Barrels sold&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;958&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
284&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;983&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;293
094&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;252
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;217
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108
767&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;157
010&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
225&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
615&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142
996&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;123
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
338&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
819&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
428&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.04&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.95&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.88&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;O. Net Income per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Net Income per Common Share &amp;#x2014; Basic&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income
 per share using the two-class method:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net Income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allocation of net income for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
035&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;510&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock*&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share for basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Change in Class B Common Stock
 resulted from the conversion of 150
000 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock on May&amp;#xA0;6
 2015 and 100
000 shares to Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock on October&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 with the 52-week number of
 shares reflecting the weighted average for the period.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Net Income per Common Share &amp;#x2014; Diluted&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company calculates diluted net income per share for common
 stock using the more dilutive of (1)&amp;#xA0;the treasury stock
 method
 or (2)&amp;#xA0;the two-class method
 which assumes the
 participating securities are not exercised or converted.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net
 income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class B Common
 Stock into Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock and using the two-class method
 for unvested participating shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Fifty-two&amp;#xA0;weeks&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings
 to&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&amp;#xA0;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share&lt;br /&gt;
 data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
520&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended December 27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings
 to&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
253&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=12&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended December 28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings
 to&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;738&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
035&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Basic net income per common share for each share of Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;B Common Stock is $7.46
 $6.96 and
 $5.47 for the fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 as
 each share of Class&amp;#xA0;A and Class&amp;#xA0;B participates equally in
 earnings. Shares of Class B are convertible at any time into shares
 of Class&amp;#xA0;A on a one-for-one basis at the option of the
 stockholder.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Weighted average stock options to purchase 16
000
 11
000
 and
 15
000 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock were outstanding during
 fiscal 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 but not included in
 computing diluted income per share because their effects were
 anti-dilutive. Additionally
 performance-based stock options to
 purchase 15
000
 30
000
 and 40
000 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 but not included in computing dilutive income per
 share because the performance criteria of these stock options were
 not met as of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 and December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;387
180&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Kegs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72
124&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Building and building improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101
836&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Office equipment and furniture&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;617
214&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;553
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;172
410&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;409
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;381
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following expenses are included in general and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: general and administrative salary and benefit
 expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service fees
 rent and
 utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for
 general and administrative employees
 and other general and
 administrative overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;P. Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income represents amounts of
 unrecognized actuarial gains or losses related to the Company
 sponsored defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement medical
 plan
 net of tax effect and currency translation adjustments.
 Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent actuarial
 losses or gains
 net of tax effect
 recognized as components of net
 periodic benefit costs and currency translation adjustments. The
 following table details the changes in accumulated other
 comprehensive (loss) income for 2015
 2014
 and 2013 (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=23%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&amp;#xA0;(Loss)&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(883&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($261)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($35)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(417&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $466&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($11)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($99)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($43)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Currency translation adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;G. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued deposits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
367&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued freight&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
265&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued excise taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
976&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
034&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued stale beer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued sales and use tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
187&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net
 income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class B Common
 Stock into Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock and using the two-class method
 for unvested participating shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Fifty-two&amp;#xA0;weeks&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings
 to&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&amp;#xA0;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share&lt;br /&gt;
 data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
520&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended December 27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings
 to&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
253&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=12&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended December 28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings
 to&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 As reported &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based
 awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;738&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Class B Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
035&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net effect of unvested participating shares&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per common share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The funded status of the Local 1199 Pension Plan and the Retiree
 Medical Plan are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Local 1199 Pension Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retiree Medical Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
471&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfunded Status&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising and Sales Promotions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and
 selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: media advertising costs
 sales and marketing
 expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and
 entertainment expenses for the sales and sales support workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight charges related to shipments
 of finished goods from manufacturing locations to distributor
 locations and point-of-sale items. Total advertising and sales
 promotional expenditures of $120.1&amp;#xA0;million
 $100.5&amp;#xA0;million
 and $81.0&amp;#xA0;million were included in
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying
 consolidated statements of comprehensive income for fiscal years
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities
 in its Distributors&amp;#x2019; markets and the Distributors make
 contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from
 Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are
 recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Q. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for
 doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving
 inventory. The Company also maintains reserves against accounts
 receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the
 Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discount Accrual&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(33
397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
448&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory Obsolescence
 Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
045&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
848&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
072&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
340&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stale Beer Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
432&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
537&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company consists of two operating segments that each produce
 and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company
 operating segment comprised of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;
 Twisted
 Tea&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;and Angry Orchard&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;brands. The second is the
 A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment which is comprised
 of The Traveler Beer Company
 Coney Island Brewing Company
 Angel
 City Brewing Company and Concrete Beach Brewing Company. Both
 segments have similar economic characteristics. They also sell
 predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which are sold to the same
 types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar price
 points and through substantially the same channels of distribution.
 These beverages are manufactured using similar production
 processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally fall under
 the same regulatory environment. Since the operating segments are
 similar in the areas outlined above
 they are aggregated for
 financial statements purposes.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s weighted-average asset allocations at
 the measurement dates by asset category are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=16%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 51.75pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset Category&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Debt securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;A. Organization and Basis of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and certain subsidiaries (the
 &amp;#x201C;Company&amp;#x201D;) are engaged in the business of selling
 alcohol beverages throughout the United States and in selected
 international markets
 under the trade names &amp;#x201C;The Boston Beer
 Company
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;Twisted Tea Brewing Company
&amp;#x201D; and
 &amp;#x201C;Angry Orchard Cider Company.&amp;#x201D; The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Samuel Adams&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;beers are produced and sold
 under the trade name &amp;#x201C;The Boston Beer Company.&amp;#x201D; A&amp;amp;S
 Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a Alchemy&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Science
 (&amp;#x201C;A&amp;amp;S&amp;#x201D;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 sells beer under various trade names that is produced under its own
 license and the Company&amp;#x2019;s licenses. In 2015
 sales from
 A&amp;amp;S brands are less than 7% of net revenues.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;I. Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Significant components of the provision for income taxes are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;587&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
802&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total provision for income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
596&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s reconciliations to statutory rates are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deduction relating to U.S. production activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in uncertain tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Significant components of the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets
 and liabilities are as follows at:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
435&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
087&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
398&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
886&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
480&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
049&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
444&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(69
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61
057&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
080&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(695&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(71
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(62
832&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
018&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
032&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s practice is to classify interest and penalties
 related to income tax matters in income tax expense. Interest and
 penalties included in the provision for income taxes amounted to
 $0.1&amp;#xA0;million
 $0.0&amp;#xA0;million
 and $0.0&amp;#xA0;million for
 fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. Accrued interest
 and penalties amounted to $0.4&amp;#xA0;million and $0.3&amp;#xA0;million
 at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
 tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increases related to current year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increases related to prior year tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 are potential net
 benefits of $0.4&amp;#xA0;million and $0.3&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 that would favorably impact the effective tax rate if recognized.
 Unrecognized tax benefits are included in accrued expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets and adjusted in the period
 in which new information about a tax position becomes available or
 the final outcome differs from the amount recorded.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s 2013 and 2014
 federal income tax returns remain subject to examination by the
 Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#x201C;IRS&amp;#x201D;). The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 state income tax returns remain subject to examination for three or
 four years depending on the state&amp;#x2019;s statute of limitations.
 The Company is being audited by two states as of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015. In addition
 the Company is generally obligated to report
 changes in taxable income arising from federal income tax
 audits.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 It is reasonably possible that the Company&amp;#x2019;s unrecognized tax
 benefits may increase or decrease in 2016 if there is a completion
 of certain income tax audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate
 the range of such possible changes. The Company does not expect
 that any potential changes would have a material impact on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations or cash
 flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s short term income tax receivable of
 $14.3&amp;#xA0;million in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
 is primarily due to the&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Protecting Americans from
 Tax Hikes Act of 2015&lt;/i&gt;
 being enacted after 2015 corporate
 estimated tax payments were due on December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015. These
 tax extenders allow the Company to claim accelerated tax
 depreciation on qualified property
 plant
 and equipment additions
 and the research&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; development tax credit on the 2015
 federal corporate income tax return. As of this filing date
 the
 Company has applied with the IRS for a $12.0&amp;#xA0;million quick
 refund of overpayment of estimate tax
 which the Company expects to
 receive during the first quarter 2016.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;B. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year is a fifty-two or fifty-three week
 period ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal periods
 of 2015
 2014 and 2013 consist of fifty-two weeks.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are
 wholly-owned. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
 eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company consists of two operating segments that each produce
 and sell alcohol beverages. The first is the Boston Beer Company
 operating segment comprised of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Samuel
 Adams&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;
 Twisted
 Tea&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;and Angry Orchard&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;brands. The second is the
 A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative operating segment which is comprised
 of The Traveler Beer Company
 Coney Island Brewing Company
 Angel
 City Brewing Company and Concrete Beach Brewing Company. Both
 segments have similar economic characteristics. They also sell
 predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which are sold to the same
 types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar price
 points and through substantially the same channels of distribution.
 These beverages are manufactured using similar production
 processes
 have comparable alcohol content and generally fall under
 the same regulatory environment. Since the operating segments are
 similar in the areas outlined above
 they are aggregated for
 financial statements purposes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 included cash on-hand and money market
 instruments that are highly liquid investments. Cash and cash
 equivalents are carried at cost
 which approximates fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has restricted cash associated with a term note
 agreement with Bank of America that was required by the
 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to fund economic development at the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Pennsylvania Brewery. The restricted cash subject
 to this agreement amounted to $456
000 and $513
000 at
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 respectively and
 is included in other assets on the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated
 Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade
 receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
 that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known
 disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances
 combined with management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future potential
 recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance
 after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company
 believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 are adequate
 but
 actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
 concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
 equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash
 equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s cash and cash
 equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S.
 government agency corporate money market accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers
 in the United States and to a network of wholesalers
 importers or
 other agencies (collectively referred to as
 &amp;#x201C;Distributors&amp;#x201D;). In 2015
 sales to foreign Distributors
 were approximately 4% of total sales. Receivables arising from
 these sales are not collateralized; however
 credit risk is
 minimized as a result of the large and diverse nature of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s customer base. The Company establishes an allowance
 for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit
 risk of specific customers
 historical trends and other
 information. There were no individual customer accounts receivable
 balances outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 that were in excess of 10% of the gross
 accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers
 represented more than 10% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues during
 fiscal years 2015
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s primary financial instruments consisted of cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014. The
 Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and
 liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) Topic 820
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and
 Disclosures&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#x201C;ASC 820&amp;#x201D;).
 The Company believes that the carrying amount of its cash
 equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued
 expenses approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of
 these assets and liabilities. The Company is not exposed to
 significant interest
 currency or credit risks arising from these
 financial assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories and Provision for Excess or Expired
 Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at
 the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value. The
 cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory
 consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead.
 Packaging design costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on
 hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or
 level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted
 amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or
 expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory
 are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been
 adequate to provide for losses on its inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make
 certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
 products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
 manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
 maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments.
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase
 commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
 extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&amp;#x2019;s
 expected future usage. Provision for excess or expired inventory
 included in cost of goods sold was $4.0&amp;#xA0;million
 $6.1&amp;#xA0;million
 and $4.9&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
 repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals
 and betterments that extend the life of the property are
 capitalized. Some of the Company&amp;#x2019;s equipment is used by other
 brewing companies to produce the Company&amp;#x2019;s products under
 brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed
 using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
 lives of the underlying assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Kegs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production
 agreement
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or
 estimated useful life of the asset&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;12 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of
 the building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Refundable Deposits on Kegs and Pallets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer
 primarily in glass bottles and cans and such kegs
 bottles and cans
 are shipped on pallets to Distributors. Most all kegs and pallets
 are owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated
 useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase.
 Upon shipment of beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a
 refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is included in
 current liabilities in the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheets. Upon
 return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the deposit is
 refunded to the Distributor.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and
 anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
 significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor
 and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by
 most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each
 keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that
 this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&amp;#x2019;s loss
 experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of
 kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related
 deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. The
 Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical
 information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held
 by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as
 property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the
 date of the financial statements. The actual liability for
 refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $0.9&amp;#xA0;million
 $1.2&amp;#xA0;million and $1.2&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. For the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $1.0&amp;#xA0;million
 $1.8&amp;#xA0;million and $1.8&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheet includes $17.1&amp;#xA0;million and
 $18.2&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs
 and pallets and $18.9&amp;#xA0;million and $25.9&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company does not amortize goodwill
 but evaluates the
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the
 fair value of its reporting units at the end of the third quarter
 of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company
 has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the goodwill of
 the Boston Beer Company reporting unit amounted to
 $1.4&amp;#xA0;million. As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 the goodwill of the A&amp;amp;S Brewing
 Collaborative reporting unit amounted to $2.3 million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Long-lived assets are recorded at cost and depreciated over their
 estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there
 are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management
 has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when
 indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if
 an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the
 asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss
 would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is
 identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of
 the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the
 Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more
 appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record
 additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
 earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Factors generally considered important which could trigger an
 impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets
 include the following: (1)&amp;#xA0;significant underperformance
 relative to historical or projected future operating results;
 (2)&amp;#xA0;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired
 assets or the strategy for the Company&amp;#x2019;s overall business;
 (3)&amp;#xA0;underutilization of assets; and (4)&amp;#xA0;discontinuance of
 products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that
 the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and
 liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax
 assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
 events that have been recognized in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in
 differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 assets and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In
 estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are
 generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided when
 recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than
 not standards as defined in ASC Topic&amp;#xA0;740
&lt;i&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The calculation of the Company&amp;#x2019;s tax liabilities involves
 dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax
 regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The
 Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the
 amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the
 timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among
 various tax jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves
 for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income
 tax returns that do not meet the more likely than not standards as
 defined in ACS Topic&amp;#xA0;740
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Excise Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and
 Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the
 &amp;#x201C;TTB&amp;#x201D;) regulations which includes making timely and
 accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic
 compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise
 taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company
 calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on
 its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Net revenue includes product sales
 less the distributor
 promotional discount allowance
 certain Distributor incentives
 as
 discussed below in Customer Programs and Incentives
 the stale beer
 accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product
 sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following
 conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales
 proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue
 recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
 conditions are met. As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company has deferred $3.9&amp;#xA0;million
 and $6.0&amp;#xA0;million
 in revenue related to product shipped prior
 to these dates. These amounts are included in accrued expenses and
 other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
 sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In certain circumstances and with the Company&amp;#x2019;s approval
 the
 Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by
 Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty
 percent of the distributor&amp;#x2019;s cost of the beer that has passed
 its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the
 Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes
 an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to
 an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of
 specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in
 the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue;
 however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the Company
 could differ from the estimated accrual.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of Goods Sold&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following expenses are included in cost of goods sold: raw
 material costs
 packaging costs
 costs and income related to
 deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing
 labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs
 relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation
 expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Costs incurred for the shipping of products to customers are
 included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The
 Company incurred shipping costs of $62.2 million
 $62.6 million
 and $50.3 million in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising and Sales Promotions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and
 selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: media advertising costs
 sales and marketing
 expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and
 entertainment expenses for the sales and sales support workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight charges related to shipments
 of finished goods from manufacturing locations to distributor
 locations and point-of-sale items. Total advertising and sales
 promotional expenditures of $120.1&amp;#xA0;million
 $100.5&amp;#xA0;million
 and $81.0&amp;#xA0;million were included in
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying
 consolidated statements of comprehensive income for fiscal years
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities
 in its Distributors&amp;#x2019; markets and the Distributors make
 contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from
 Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are
 recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Programs and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Customer programs and incentives
 which include customer
 promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other
 payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.
 The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these
 costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
 pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and
 incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with
 ASC Topic&amp;#xA0;605-50
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition &amp;#x2013;
 Customer Payments and Incentives
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;based on the nature of the
 expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $55.3&amp;#xA0;million
 $52.4&amp;#xA0;million
 and $40.4&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal year 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with
 Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to
 Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 were $33.2&amp;#xA0;million
 $28.5&amp;#xA0;million
 and $23.1&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. The reimbursements for
 discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net
 revenue. Agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain
 Distributors&amp;#x2019; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in
 order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of
 the discount allowance requires that management make certain
 estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of
 revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed
 and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by
 the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated
 allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to
 Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and
 advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and
 regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 products may include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and
 merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional
 programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment.
 Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in
 fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013 were $22.1&amp;#xA0;million
 $23.9&amp;#xA0;million
 and $17.3&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. In 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the
 total amount of $16.6&amp;#xA0;million
 $18.7&amp;#xA0;million
 and
 $13.4&amp;#xA0;million respectively as reductions to net revenue. Costs
 recognized as reduction to net revenues include
 but are not
 limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain
 other promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following expenses are included in general and administrative
 expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
 comprehensive income: general and administrative salary and benefit
 expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service fees
 rent and
 utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for
 general and administrative employees
 and other general and
 administrative overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC
 Topic&amp;#xA0;718
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Stock
 Compensation&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#x201C;ASC 718&amp;#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of share-based compensation
 costs in financial statements based on fair value. Compensation
 cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is
 required to provide services in exchange for the award (the
 requisite service period). The amount of compensation cost
 recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 is based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and therefore
 reduced for estimated forfeitures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice
 model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the
 fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 and
 2016 stock option grants to the Company&amp;#x2019;s Chief Executive
 Officer
 which is considered to be a market-based award and was
 valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which
 calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes
 fair value based on the most likely outcome. See Note M for further
 discussion of the application of the option-pricing models.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net Income Per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by
 the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted net income
 per share is calculated by dividing net income by the
 weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities
 outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or
 the two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers (Topic&amp;#xA0;606)&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-09 will supersede
 virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an
 entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised
 goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the
 expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
 services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and
 make more estimates than under the current guidance.
 ASU&amp;#xA0;2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each
 prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or
 only to the most current reporting period presented in the
 financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to
 retained earnings. The Company will elect to apply the impact (if
 any) of applying ASU&amp;#xA0;2014-09 to the most current reporting
 period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative
 effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB
 issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-14
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective
 Date&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;(&amp;#x201C;ASU 2015-14&amp;#x201D;).
 ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of ASU&amp;#xA0;2014-09 for one
 year
 making it effective for the year beginning December&amp;#xA0;31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The
 Company is currently evaluating the impact ASU&amp;#xA0;2014-09 and has
 preliminarily concluded that it will not significantly affect how
 revenue for contracts with customers is recognized.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-04
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Practical Expedient for the
 Measurement Date of an Employer&amp;#x2019;s Defined Benefit Obligation
 and Plan Assets&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-04 gives an employer whose fiscal
 year-end does not coincide with a calendar month-end (e.g.
 an
 entity that has a 52- or 53-week fiscal year) the ability
 as a
 practical expedient
 to measure defined benefit retirement
 obligations and related plan assets as of the month-end that is
 closest to its fiscal year-end. ASU 2015-04 will be effective
 prospectively for the year beginning December&amp;#xA0;27
 2015. The
 Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2015-04 and has
 preliminarily concluded that it will not significantly affect the
 measurement of defined benefit retirement obligations and related
 plan assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-11
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330)
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-11 is part
 of the FASB&amp;#x2019;s initiative to simplify accounting standards.
 The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope
 of the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net
 realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
 course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of
 completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU&amp;#xA0;2015-11 will be
 effective prospectively for the year beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
 ASU&amp;#xA0;2015-11 will have on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-17
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet
 Classification of Deferred Taxes&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-17 is part of the
 FASB&amp;#x2019;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The
 guidance requires an entity to present deferred tax assets and
 deferred tax liabilities as noncurrent in the consolidated balance
 sheet. ASU 2015-17 permits entities to apply the amendments either
 prospectively or retrospectively. ASU 2015-17 will be effective for
 the year beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The Company is currently
 evaluating the impact ASU 2015-17. As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company had $7.0 million and $8.7
 million
 respectively
 of current deferred tax assets on the
 consolidated balance sheet that would be classified as noncurrent
 under the new guidance.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
 basis are summarized in the table below (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;88
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;S. Quarterly Results (Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal quarters are consistently determined
 year to year and generally consist of 13 weeks
 except in those
 fiscal years in which there are fifty-three weeks where the last
 fiscal quarters then consist of 14 weeks. In management&amp;#x2019;s
 opinion
 the following unaudited information includes all
 adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
 for a fair presentation of the information for the quarters
 presented. The operating results for any quarter are not
 necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=36%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For Quarters Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;September&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Barrels sold&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;958&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
284&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;983&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;293
094&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;252
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;217
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108
767&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;157
010&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
225&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
615&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142
996&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;123
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;90
519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
338&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
819&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
428&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.04&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.95&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income per share &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.88&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 18pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;J. Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Contractual Obligations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company had outstanding total non-cancelable contractual
 obligations of $207.5&amp;#xA0;million at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015. These
 obligations are made up of hops
 barley and wheat totaling
 $63.7&amp;#xA0;million
 apples and other ingredients of
 $48.7&amp;#xA0;million
 advertising contracts of $29.1&amp;#xA0;million
 equipment and machinery of $22.7&amp;#xA0;million
 glass bottles of
 $21.4&amp;#xA0;million
 operating leases of $17.5&amp;#xA0;million
 and
 other commitments of $4.3&amp;#xA0;million. As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 projected cash outflows under contractual obligations for the
 remaining years under the contracts are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payments Due by Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2019-2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Thereafter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Hops
 barley and wheat&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
195&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
727&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Apples and other ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Advertising&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
826&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;287&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equipment and machinery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Glass bottles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
955&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
286&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
302&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total contractual obligations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207
458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;155
028&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
286&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion
 of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend through
 crop year 2020 and specify both the quantities and prices
 denominated in Euros and U.S. Dollars
 to which the Company is
 committed. Hops purchase commitments outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 totaled $50.0&amp;#xA0;million
 based on the
 exchange rates on that date. The Company does not use forward
 currency exchange contracts and intends to purchase future hops
 using the exchange rate at the time of purchase.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Currently
 the Company has entered into contracts for barley and
 wheat with two major suppliers. The contracts include crop years
 2014 and 2015 and cover the Company&amp;#x2019;s barley
 wheat
 and malt
 requirements for part of 2016. These purchase commitments
 outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 totaled
 $13.7&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company sources some of its glass bottles needs pursuant to a
 Glass Bottle Supply Agreement with Anchor Glass Container
 Corporation (&amp;#x201C;Anchor&amp;#x201D;)
 under which Anchor is the
 supplier of certain glass bottles for the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Cincinnati Brewery and its Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement
 also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles
 to other breweries where the Company brews its beers. Under the
 agreement with Anchor
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase
 commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates
 which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be
 fulfilled. Minimum purchase commitments under this agreement
 assuming the supplier is unable to replace lost production capacity
 cancelled by the Company
 as of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 totaled
 $21.4&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has various operating lease agreements in place for
 facilities and equipment as of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015. Terms of
 these leases include
 in some instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by
 lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through
 2021. Aggregate rent expense was $3.4&amp;#xA0;million
 $3.2&amp;#xA0;million
 and $2.7&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 For the fiscal year ended December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company
 brewed over 95% of its core brands volume at Company-owned
 breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company has
 historically entered into various production arrangements with
 other brewing companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the
 Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw materials that are used in the liquid
 at the
 time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to
 repurchase all unused raw materials purchased by the brewing
 company specifically for the Company&amp;#x2019;s beers at the brewing
 company&amp;#x2019;s cost upon termination of the production
 arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume
 requirements in conjunction with certain production arrangements
 which are not material to the Company&amp;#x2019;s operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s arrangements with other brewing companies
 require it to periodically purchase equipment in support of brewery
 operations. As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 there were no significant
 equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing
 contracts. Changes to the Company&amp;#x2019;s brewing strategy or
 existing production arrangements
 new production relationships or
 the introduction of new products in the future may require the
 Company to purchase equipment to support the contract
 breweries&amp;#x2019; operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Litigation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company is currently not a party to any pending or threatened
 litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a
 material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results
 of its operations.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock
 options on the date of grants are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.2%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.3%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33.9%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.16%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.83%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.85%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercise factor&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.8&amp;#xA0;times&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount for post-vesting restrictions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Costs incurred for the shipping of products to customers are
 included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The
 Company incurred shipping costs of $62.2 million
 $62.6 million
 and $50.3 million in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;R. Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company evaluated subsequent events occurring after the balance
 sheet date
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 and concluded that there was no
 event of which management was aware that occurred after the balance
 sheet date that would require any adjustment to or disclosure in
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements except for the
 stock options and awards granted on January&amp;#xA0;1
 2016 and the
 increased expenditure limit for the Company&amp;#x2019;s Stock
 Repurchase Program on February&amp;#xA0;10
 2016 as disclosed in
 Note&amp;#xA0;M.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company does not amortize goodwill
 but evaluates the
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the
 fair value of its reporting units at the end of the third quarter
 of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company
 has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the goodwill of
 the Boston Beer Company reporting unit amounted to
 $1.4&amp;#xA0;million. As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 the goodwill of the A&amp;amp;S Brewing
 Collaborative reporting unit amounted to $2.3 million.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Inventories consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw Materials&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work in process&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Finished Goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
793&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less portion in other long term assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for
 repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals
 and betterments that extend the life of the property are
 capitalized. Some of the Company&amp;#x2019;s equipment is used by other
 brewing companies to produce the Company&amp;#x2019;s products under
 brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed
 using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
 lives of the underlying assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Kegs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production
 agreement
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or
 estimated useful life of the asset&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;12 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of
 the building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table details the changes in accumulated other
 comprehensive (loss) income for 2015
 2014
 and 2013 (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=23%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&amp;#xA0;(Loss)&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(883&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($261)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($35)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(417&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of $466&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($11)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of
 taxes of ($99)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax ($43)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Currency translation adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;N. Employee Retirement Plans and Post-Retirement Benefit
 Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has one retirement plan covering substantially all
 non-union employees; two retirement plans
 one of which covers
 substantially all union employees
 and the other of which covers
 employees of a specific union
 and post-retirement medical benefits
 covering substantially all union employees.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Non-Union Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Boston Beer Company 401(k) Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Boston Beer 401(k)
 Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 which was established by the Company in 1993
 is a
 Company-sponsored defined contribution plan that covers a majority
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s non-union employees who are employed by
 Boston Beer Corporation
 Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd.
 Samuel
 Adams Pennsylvania Brewery Company or A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative
 LLC. All non-union employees of these entities are eligible to
 participate in the plan on the first day of the first month after
 commencing employment or
 if later
 reaching age&amp;#xA0;21.
 Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their
 annual compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. After the sixth
 month of employment
 the Company matches each participant&amp;#x2019;s
 contribution. A maximum of 6% of compensation is taken into account
 in determining the amount of the match. The Company matches 100% of
 the first $1
000 of the eligible compensation participants
 contribute. Thereafter
 the Company matches 50% of the eligible
 contribution. The Company&amp;#x2019;s contributions to the Boston Beer
 401(k) Plan amounted to $3.0&amp;#xA0;million and $2.8&amp;#xA0;million in
 fiscal years 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The basic annual
 administrative fee for the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan is paid by the
 Plan&amp;#x2019;s investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service
 Provider Payment Agreement
 up to a maximum of two basis points
 multiplied by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year is
 available for paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company is
 responsible for the payment of any additional fees related to the
 management of the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not
 material to the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Union Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The defined contribution plan
 the Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. 401(k) Plan for Represented Employees (the &amp;#x201C;SABC 401(k)
 Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 is a Company-sponsored plan. It was established in
 1997 and is available to all union employees upon commencement of
 employment or
 if later
 attaining age&amp;#xA0;21. Participants may
 make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation
 to the SABC 401(k) Plan
 subject to IRS limitations. Effective
 July&amp;#xA0;1
 2007
 the Company commenced making a non-elective
 contribution for eligible employees who are members of what is now
 the Service Employees&amp;#x2019; International Union
 Local&amp;#xA0;1
 Firemen&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Oilers Division (&amp;#x201C;Local&amp;#xA0;#1&amp;#x201D;).
 Effective January&amp;#xA0;1
 2012
 the Company commenced making a
 non-elective contribution for eligible employees who are members of
 The International Union of Operating Engineers
 Local&amp;#xA0;#20
 (&amp;#x201C;Local&amp;#xA0;#20&amp;#x201D;). Company contributions for fiscal
 2015 and 2014 were insignificant. The basic annual administrative
 fee for the SABC 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&amp;#x2019;s investment
 fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider Payment
 Agreement up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied by the
 total amount of assets under the Plan per year is available for
 paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for the
 payment of any additional fees related to the management of the
 SABC&amp;#xA0;401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the
 Company.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The defined benefit plan
 the Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd.
 Local Union No.&amp;#xA0;1199 Pension Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Local 1199
 Pension Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 is a Company-sponsored pension plan. It was
 established in 1991 and is open to all union employees who are
 covered by the Company&amp;#x2019;s collective bargaining agreement with
 Teamsters Local Union No.&amp;#xA0;1199 (&amp;#x201C;Local
 Union&amp;#xA0;#1199&amp;#x201D;) and who have completed 12&amp;#xA0;consecutive
 months of employment with at least 750 hours worked. The defined
 benefit is determined based on years of service since July 1991.
 The Company made contributions of $188
000 and $162
000 in 2015 and
 2014 respectively. At December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the unfunded projected pension benefits were
 $1.6&amp;#xA0;million and $1.7&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company provides a supplement to eligible retirees from Local
 #20
 Local #1 and Local Union #1199 to assist them with the cost of
 Medicare gap coverage after their retirement on account of age or
 permanent disability. To qualify for this benefit (collectively
 the &amp;#x201C;Retiree Medical Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 an employee must have
 worked for at least 20 years for the Company or its predecessor at
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery
 must have been enrolled in
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s comprehensive medical plan for at least 5 years
 before retirement and
 in the case of retirees from Local #20
 for
 at least 7 of the last 10 years of their employment
 and must be
 eligible for Medicare benefits under the Social Security Act. The
 accumulated&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;post-retirement&lt;/font&gt;benefit obligation was
 determined using a discount rate of 4.5% at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 and 4.0% at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 respectively
 and a 2.5% health
 care cost increase based on the Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for
 the years 2015
 2014
 and 2013. The effect of a 1% point increase
 and the effect of a 1% point decrease in the assumed health care
 cost trend rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost
 components of net periodic post-retirement health care benefit
 costs and the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for
 health care benefits would not be significant.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In addition
 the comprehensive medical plans offered to currently
 employed members of Local&amp;#xA0;#20 and Local Union #1199 remain
 available to them should they retire after reaching age 57 (and
 before reaching age 65 in the case of a member of Local #20) with
 at least 20 years of service (if a Local #20 member) or 10 years of
 employment (if a Local Union #1199 member) with the Company or its
 predecessor at the Company&amp;#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery. These
 eligible retirees may choose to continue to be covered under the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s comprehensive medical plan
 subject to certain
 modifications applicable to members of Local Union #1199
 until
 they reach the age when they are eligible for Medicare under the
 Social Security Act or (in the case of a Local #20 member) coverage
 under a comparable State health benefit plan. Eligible retirees pay
 100% of the cost of the coverage.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The funded status of the Local 1199 Pension Plan and the Retiree
 Medical Plan are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Local 1199 Pension Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retiree Medical Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
471&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfunded Status&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Local 1199 Plan invests in a family of funds that are designed
 to minimize excessive short-term risk and focus on consistent
 competitive long-term performance
 consistent with the funds&amp;#x2019;
 investment objectives.&amp;#xA0;The fund-specific objectives vary and
 include maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
 maximizing total return from capital appreciation plus income and
 funds that invest in common stock of companies that cover a broad
 range of industries. The plan&amp;#x2019;s investments are considered
 category1 assets in the fair value hierarchy and the fair values
 were determined by reference to period end quoted market
 prices.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The basis of the long-term rate of return assumption of 6.5%
 reflects the Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s current targeted asset mix of
 approximately 35% debt securities and 65% equity securities with
 assumed average annual returns of approximately 3% to 6% for debt
 securities and 8% to 12% for equity securities.&amp;#xA0;It is assumed
 that the Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s investment portfolio will be
 adjusted periodically to maintain the targeted ratios of debt
 securities and equity securities.&amp;#xA0;Additional consideration is
 given to the plan&amp;#x2019;s historical returns as well as future
 long-range projections of investment returns for each asset
 category. The assumed discount rate in estimating the pension
 obligation was 4.5% and 4.0% at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s weighted-average asset allocations at
 the measurement dates by asset category are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=16%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 51.75pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset Category&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Debt securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the
 Non-Employee Director Plan is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual Term&lt;br /&gt;
 in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;br /&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
380
444&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55.37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
363&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;283.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(277
645&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
127
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;161
603&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;380
543&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested and expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
089
831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories and Provision for Excess or Expired
 Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished
 goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at
 the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value. The
 cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory
 consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead.
 Packaging design costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on
 hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or
 level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted
 amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or
 expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory
 are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been
 adequate to provide for losses on its inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make
 certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
 products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
 manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
 maximize utilization of inventory on hand and under commitments.
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase
 commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
 extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&amp;#x2019;s
 expected future usage. Provision for excess or expired inventory
 included in cost of goods sold was $4.0&amp;#xA0;million
 $6.1&amp;#xA0;million
 and $4.9&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 included cash on-hand and money market
 instruments that are highly liquid investments. Cash and cash
 equivalents are carried at cost
 which approximates fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has restricted cash associated with a term note
 agreement with Bank of America that was required by the
 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to fund economic development at the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Pennsylvania Brewery. The restricted cash subject
 to this agreement amounted to $456
000 and $513
000 at
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 respectively and
 is included in other assets on the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated
 Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table provides information regarding stock-based
 compensation expense included in operating expenses in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling
 expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts included in general and administrative expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
515&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
318&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts related to performance-based stock awards included in total
 stock-based compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
401&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company has repurchased a
 cumulative total of approximately 11.5&amp;#xA0;million shares of its
 Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of
 approximately $446.1&amp;#xA0;million as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&amp;#xA0;Purchase&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
696
731&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
892
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
921
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;307
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015 repurchases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;616
747&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138
705&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased at December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
538
680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;446
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid malt and barley&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excise and other tax receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
093&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Supplier rebates&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
929&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lease incentive receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid insurance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
297&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
053&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
887&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;Depreciation is
 computed using the straight-line method based upon the estimated
 useful lives of the underlying assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Kegs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production
 agreement
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or
 estimated useful life of the asset&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;12 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of
 the building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Excise Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and
 Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the
 &amp;#x201C;TTB&amp;#x201D;) regulations which includes making timely and
 accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic
 compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise
 taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company
 calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on
 its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for
 doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving
 inventory. The Company also maintains reserves against accounts
 receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the
 Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discount Accrual&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(33
397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
448&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory Obsolescence
 Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
045&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
848&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
072&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
340&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stale Beer Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
 (Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&lt;br /&gt;
 Charged&amp;#xA0;Against&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
980&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
422&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
432&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
537&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the
 consolidated financial statements are summarized in the table below
 (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 27
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Note payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Refundable Deposits on Kegs and Pallets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer
 primarily in glass bottles and cans and such kegs
 bottles and cans
 are shipped on pallets to Distributors. Most all kegs and pallets
 are owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated
 useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase.
 Upon shipment of beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a
 refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is included in
 current liabilities in the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheets. Upon
 return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the deposit is
 refunded to the Distributor.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and
 anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the
 significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor
 and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by
 most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each
 keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that
 this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&amp;#x2019;s loss
 experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of
 kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related
 deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. The
 Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical
 information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held
 by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as
 property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the
 date of the financial statements. The actual liability for
 refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $0.9&amp;#xA0;million
 $1.2&amp;#xA0;million and $1.2&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. For the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the Company decreased its liability
 for refundable deposits
 gross property
 plant and equipment and
 related accumulated depreciation by $1.0&amp;#xA0;million
 $1.8&amp;#xA0;million and $1.8&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;27
 2014
 the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheet includes $17.1&amp;#xA0;million and
 $18.2&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs
 and pallets and $18.9&amp;#xA0;million and $25.9&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 in kegs
 net of accumulated depreciation.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Programs and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Customer programs and incentives
 which include customer
 promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other
 payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.
 The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these
 costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
 pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and
 incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
 advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with
 ASC Topic&amp;#xA0;605-50
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition &amp;#x2013;
 Customer Payments and Incentives
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;based on the nature of the
 expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $55.3&amp;#xA0;million
 $52.4&amp;#xA0;million
 and $40.4&amp;#xA0;million in fiscal year 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with
 Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to
 Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 were $33.2&amp;#xA0;million
 $28.5&amp;#xA0;million
 and $23.1&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. The reimbursements for
 discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net
 revenue. Agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain
 Distributors&amp;#x2019; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in
 order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of
 the discount allowance requires that management make certain
 estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of
 revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed
 and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by
 the Company
 however
 the amounts could differ from the estimated
 allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to
 Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and
 advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and
 regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 products may include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and
 merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional
 programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment.
 Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in
 fiscal years 2015
 2014
 and 2013 were $22.1&amp;#xA0;million
 $23.9&amp;#xA0;million
 and $17.3&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. In 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the
 total amount of $16.6&amp;#xA0;million
 $18.7&amp;#xA0;million
 and
 $13.4&amp;#xA0;million respectively as reductions to net revenue. Costs
 recognized as reduction to net revenues include
 but are not
 limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain
 other promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;D. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid malt and barley&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excise and other tax receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
093&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Supplier rebates&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
929&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lease incentive receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid insurance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
216&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
297&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
053&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
887&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 if later

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2015 and  December 27

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 or the remaining useful life of the building

  
  

 or the term of the production agreement

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The allocation of the purchase price is as follows (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets acquired and cash paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      



    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    


    






000 shares to Class A Common Stock on May 6
 2015 and 100
000 shares to Class A Common Stock on October 26
 2015
























  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2015-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2015-01-31
  xmlns:sam=http://www.bostonbeer.com/20151226
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2015-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.bostonbeer.com/20151226




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
























































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






    
    



 Accrued Liabilities
 and Other Liabilities Disclosure

    




    



 Net


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $244 and $144 as of December 26
 2015 and December 27
 2014







    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    











 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant and Equipment





    
    












    
    


    






    


    
    



 Noncash Items

    



 Share-based Compensation

    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    






    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    










    
    




    








    
    


    
    








    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed

    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    




    




    



 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    















 Shares






 Shares






 Value

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Net of Tax

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Credit Risk

    








    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    






    






















    


    


    


    


    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    








    
    
    



 Interest Rate

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    





 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid




 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid




 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid



    
    



 State and Local

    


    
    




    




    




    




    
    




    




    




    




    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    




    




    




    




    



 Net

    




    



 Property







    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation






 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation









    






    










    


    
    
    



 Employee Contribution


 Employee Contribution

    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    




    






    




    






    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    


    
    
    



 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee

    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Effect on Basic Earnings Per Share

    










    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    
    




    



 Basic
 by Common Class


 Basic
 by Common Class





    
    



 Diluted
 by Common Class


 Diluted
 by Common Class



    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    





 Percent




 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate

    



 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity

    



 Other Adjustments

    



 State and Local Income Taxes






 Tax Contingency

    















 Nonvested Awards

    
    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized











    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    




















    
    


    
    


    
    



 Inputs


 Inputs




 Inputs


 Inputs









    
    



 Measurements


 Measurements





    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    


    
    



 Goodwill

    



 Intangible Assets

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    












    
    
    






    



 Extraordinary Items

    


    
    


    

 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    








    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    





 Nonoperating

    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    



 Finished Goods

    










    
    




    




    




    



 Raw Materials

    


    
    



 Work in Process

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    














    
    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    






    














    
    


    






    


    
    
    


    
    










    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    
    




    




    


    
    
    




    










    




    




    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Rent Expense

    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    



 Miscellaneous

    




    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 Net of Tax

    

 net of tax of ($296) in 2013




 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Tax






 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax

    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment

    















 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 before Reclassification Adjustments






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 before Reclassification Adjustments






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans





    




    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Plant





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment










 Plant and Equipment

    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment
 Gross




 Plant and Equipment
 Gross












 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment




 Plant and Equipment












 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    
    














    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    



 Goods

    
    








    


    










    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Basic
 by Common Class


 Basic
 by Common Class




 Basic
 by Common Class






 Diluted
 by Common Class


 Diluted
 by Common Class




 Diluted
 by Common Class





    
    










    






    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Stock Options

    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    


    


    





 General and Administrative Expenses

    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Discount from Market Price

    


    


    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions


 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 a factor representing the value of the underlying stock as a multiple of the exercise price of the option which
 if achieved


 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    


    
    




    




    



 Options

    



 Options


 Options

    


    
    
    



 Options


 Options






 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    
    
    



 Options

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    
    



 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    


    
    





 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Vested in Period

    


    


    






    


    
    


    
    
    



 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options
 Expirations in Period

    



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    
    




    


    
    








    
    


    
    




    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    



 Options


 including tax benefit of $5
282 in 2013
 $17
353 in 2014 and $15

    



 Value


 including tax benefit of $5
282 in 2013
 $17
353 in 2014 and $15





    
    




    
    






    






    




    






    
    
    



 Cumulative Shares Repurchased


 Cumulative Shares Repurchased

    
    
    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    




    




    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    




    
    




    
    
    




    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g101022g42o67.jpg

M87 O



RUC
#$Q(#8V+C$T
M-38V
2P@
C Q
B\P



M;G



#$V
M+3 R+3$U5#$T.C$U.C

38M
#(M
354
30Z
34Z
SDM

# \






14%!0T%1
M341!9U%#0F=C1$)!24=!;DU06=-4D)!049)4DEX459%1T4R16EC645537!'
M:$)X5WA1:5!)B-X03M5=$AH37A::3A#4GEG=D5L47I25&MQ2WE9
U!#3E51


M445!06A%1$)#15--545&55).:$EG6GAG6D5Y)B-X03MO8DAW1DU(4C133D-&



#!.:$9:;WAK1710
M5&IE
T4P8UA':6PU0G5(
E963E$O24M+*VIS;UID8G!&83)E;C)C:W8Q3T]3
M95)D4$5+;$
P)B-X03MS:VMF
65546
O465.;#E1.&E72'=L5DYD4R]+3G!T



M

M8E@O04IX=3 R
70U;UE.6#E

7)+4S%C4C)O)B-X03M21VYB5%8P-4QH
%=8

'I49%$P-4IR

C)U43-M
M)B-X03MS0R]B5SE++U)4=DQA2E9#;'9B=U%80DIK6G!*27IA*W X5&9A3E4T



M.5A79BM75S



M+W!)9B]Q:&ER=E8Q;B]L;'0O.$%P268O04MO67$W
61:+S5:)B-X03MB9CA!

M:7)V5C%N+T%*6F)F+W!)9B]Q:&ER=E8Q;B]L;'0O*VMH+RMQ1TMU.5A79BM7
M5S


%I0.2]V.7EF.$%.3TMU.4=4
M+T%(*R\S2B]Z)B-X03M4:7)V4FLO
RLO
THO=T$P-'$W
%I0.$%F-R]C;B].

#1Q
M-S!:4#DO=CEY9CA!3D]+=3E'5]!2LO

M1F

U=G5.



DMO9E5D4G-T3G-P8C(Y
M)B-X03ML14YR0TMY4T5%
'%A04%+0WA*2F]!0E5N1E5Q=%!02&QA-VYT-%E

M8F5E1DQM.41Y2W Y6E11:T$O

6$O
M=T



68X15 V-'$W-C%A+S<K5]G:]81EAF5W)8+V9Y





C5P


M:&%M0FHO36=P
UI73TMO;E0O359H8WEM
6Y0








M

7!0.3A0)B-X03LY-F8X
5EQ-S%P4#DX4#A!96XO3E=+







W-C1E$S)B-X03M.5FI-9C%71T%G9W-3
M4U0O04)X5C9

M
EAT

16EG
T5C



M)B-X03LQ

M;39R
4).2&YK8U-2-D)A1U)457IA;39T3U0T:#!.-G@K;&AI)B-X03MR;3%B
M54=(
65(53=:
U@T1W0Y3'


M9&EQ539:-5




M


UHO
M.$%/4CEL8R]M32]L1DY%63)G)B-X03ML;6E45D)D27!D66]M;%9H1$Q(16\U
M.&%5855D9DAB1E=B6&8U:5=S2C-G4S-58D@V-4MY3C!Q2T
R:G4Y:C=K66%6
M451Z
V)80F]M)B-X03MR44E4.7%'
S K.75*1DAE:B]$6#5M4$=L5EI.5W1N
5)12LW6FMI<S1F.6MJ151
M+WE+=TLX


0S
O04]-5C--;E@O5G1H:7%*03$O=EI7

M)B-X03M!4'EX5S

M4R]02F9Z5W-

$YE


U9X:7):.'%A


7A6
S%Q
2\S.&XO0D0K=4MU
M)B-X03LK=%=V*R]K+S1)9C%X5C

SAN+T)$*W5+=2MT5W8K+VLO=T-#
M2#EC5F0Y871F.2]*+W=!15 V-'$W-C%A+W=#+VLO-$EF
7A6)B-X03M$
SEX

W8O



M2W5X5C)+=7A6





M5VML84UN.3!G3D%)
S(R.&-65E!6


O=T-K:\X07%H
M:7)V5C%N+VQL=]W1'!)9CA!)B-X03LV;UEQ-S%D6B]W0U=7
R\V4T@O-F]9


M67$W




U9VUH25DO

D=M=D]B;#=+
FAT
M
G571D=K355947514S%#
T=V531&4G5+=7A643%#

U)B-X03MT;S50


W67@Q1&]L
59O:4EJ=VI6)B-X03ML0T8R23=53G%Z:GEV



6-#



S92)B-X03MH;G1B4S)73U
R4EIL





M5F)33S5:16%V=RMQ16(O2G=Q=&(X


M1SAH:4I6
5)7)B-X03MS=U=936A8:4XV-V1C0W!G
' K=C)B
M)B-X03LS=6QA;&-Z,G-C<G='5F]0T=E3VY
:#9S0V
Q

M4S!I.6$V

M;&AA83


VPW-G-%
M
$U!9%):8TI44&)Y6$-T1GI+37DO=51(5VXY)B-X03LT46]R
E9215 U;V55



M
&MT=VI24G5%)B-X03M)1'599E


BMC9C5C
M:65#0G9-='=S='I
.5AI5G)/)B-X03M99G9V56%

#)R82]#
TY#2TY4-W-6




C9B9E4U9F@U8W1H445S=%96669M)B-X03MH-4E.=V)983=D;31O
M:%=

M5#(S


M




1G1&4$9B*U8W5T=+-E(T
M-W%/3S)S
%=62D)2

7A++W%3959R5C
Y
M5U


C=D3596-T1Y-V].:%DR
6IA
M-D%%=$Q.63%T65=%16EX*VE8)B-X03M-6EAN23-X2UI'*TQR=C%X5D5A6'!U
M;#932FAP5VA*64
T9C%


O=611=&1$5S-V-S)N

M)B-X03LO0TYV*VM/4$AN-E9T-F1F53E8
5!2-2ML-G9-9C-V2&XR-55X5DU:

M2W(Y3C!
461
;BMS85HU8V=S8FIG62]7=&]
4T8K1$YY2V-K6E1X3&(P.&-6
M5% V
U X03AS53
S=R\Y5DU652M1*W-I-B]2)B-X03MR+U=1:&E%.4E/65%K

V:75)-V%62E9I8FY'





M( @( @(#PO9&







# Q+C P
M





MB @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$9N=#IF;VYT1F%M:6QY/DAE;'9E=&EC




#$N
M

M( @( @( @( @(#QS=$9N=#IF;VYT1FEL94YA;64^2$5
5D5424-!+E!&
M0CL@2$5





M.F=R;W5P5'EP93XP/]X;7!'.F=R;W5P5'EP93X*( @( @( @( @( @


M;2\BB @( @( @( @('AM;&YS.G-T179T/2)H='1P.B\O;G
N861O8F4N

BB @( @( @( @
M('AM;&YS.G-T4F5F/2)H='1P.B\O;G


4-!0S)$04
S



M1#YX;7 N9&ED.D0U-#(X03E!
C9.44T,3$Y0S,R1#5#-#@P-#$T0C Y/]X



M1#YX;7 N:6ED.D0U-#(X03E!
C9.44T,3$Y0S,R1#5#-#@P-#$T0C Y/]S

M;CXR
#$U+3 R+3(Q5# R.C S.C4U*S U.C
P/]S=$5V=#IW:&5N/@H@( @



M.3 X



$(Q0T%#
M
D1!0S

$(Q0T%#
M
D1!0S

CA!.4$R-D(Y130Q
M
3E#
S)$-4
T.# T



Z17AT96YS

N8V]M+VUE=&$O1F]N






M;G1396YS93I0;W-T4V-R:7!T3F%M93Y(96QV971I8V$M0F]L9#PO17AT96YS


M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @

  0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! ?_; $
! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! ?_  !$( 4@,@,!$0 $0$#
M$0'_Q  ?  $  @( P$!            !P@&00% @

Q
M
CA!5%64TM

9'1

B4L'P

MYSXN/B'U)HMB2Y:?D=NN/VLB16VGF\6P[Z,3:JZ5B2'
014H106$HG@&H9




MV(]TR9D_*Q!
3
21(-

 :X5\T*ORQ7]+

E[06
]C
MD:&8^ D%!LR


UU3*V-8H.)O9VQ

?Z-+3?E1ELMQFG0/LAC



HHLW'*:DCA;?;%--$.ZH



MN]G4STY9C4X[
S6=N' ]T5Y0A+KA0&JB$'R@%3K<;CLP
M.(@#O3FBYQ4<^HF\/-0V 1A^5M9\4K+)4:_NTVNYL;X,3=61-PIRWW/.S%RH
M;%9_65J!0@OAE@S


M9065:$G3*O1NYX8CR/R;-)/AGR'!K9) +XSQ
NT^XAU!JKQYZAJ*4K9%R]--



%RIT

M\54GS^4R&4)#EJ:=C^$E47+PA;TT0:NAA#*-%*2B%HU$C5'2'5$[;DQ2FK8
M1IO-!,*DO-=\N1;--9;@+I::872$
PDI)B[D-B*%@22X/EXN)/FZU:I:*5A












V13;@?02);?,K\VG0\#QMJC(
M9MM)Y0
@EAJJ:LW!-' C_\/Y5\SK5_5%*V)M7MG=K$S:


ZG\^=P5^)6CNUMM'918(S]J


W
M'


VYE9C:_2]K#!3K0W

M63FVXG84BI

M4T
@X6NY'&S:WNEIXBYD(5.1BH8-QE1Q5B'*[)\U+FG6?4TS2AL9O6^H)T





M$@1$@@H!E!\SPA0$0
*36)N*)0W
*J7*IJ) VUWL?C:U=C)'F#:I87G+OMP@

M&M'7.




6' 


M$S]JWKGM2W$EI['0I&\TMY 4\EE!3I#:R6XL4)5SL .?1#!T#
XD&#1:UB
MIT1/





!&P*FE B3




M(IH
^_XY!CMMCME[* %R^1)1=9(V1
77U)


&([)#?;*8
M#1:CSEM41UN4'.WT!-25M_K#?3/

M0Q%)N%=!'
!+C@)V+K2R$:-AJ9XU@:


^;.#Y9CC


M_'+HD35.!WHOQ(WF\T8Y4W%&K84S#6:;1MA9J-8E8RGYA#MMLW#QR;Z$?#-
MI2-GD*(G%^8PV68+$U

M^\UUG%$D@U5?)RFTX54NH-XD@HI5(-7

MEK-KTFL:/HR3X6C4E'L4/=
DN
V:6:*



VZEY.]NL53-%SJ@T49?N6NI)[?-FRH!@=++



\LKB\6*(XG&42XT+'%HV8!.0U

MD=
!!XBF!




]3I7C./X9DO72'7W$T4@)I6



M64A&V$@ET?/


MZ0(U(K.;B*



M



MH!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@
M% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4
M H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0
M@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% *


%;


M(I1W$6Z$J A&5)_2W3)-:5GM1
^AF(E%XK$3Q@K2(3NG2 J1XRE%])^1?$GD








%_\ 5BA7DNWW99RA!0@% *

C#

^3
M71BK+R S3S^ UG(*FW#S(G

9$GJ 23&

AB!XAWSPRM8(=:.F?


KE;

ZU
MQ-4Y)94;(K3!*
] .N)3P.J#;EYW*P9@8B1&#(X H9@

#VQ''\X*14R;YX

=9_;'8O-O.HHWP0XSUQQ










%39484N8 $P%!$S#
MRQRN


;;[DV4(* 4 H!0@.&H)

//QBQ3%9](3GW
M*;V;J:H&\TQHHXZ^BY$@!E5=CHP/WQ:+87QT]7!3PCM;-<YCV[+G!<5
4T]


M/32BEDWUG$N8'


M;N%UST5?5TZG]#G3['?C9QV*8FE4=GO6-$VFR:%(LS&$TQ^
NG.3:28VUB


M9T5E73



LB7&6<A:/*C\/;MEU-C</S/%&P$?H
JPI(34D^
M.W


MPE.ZA9.4+I 9(96L2-W3 E
:Q-BERQ@<,XF
M80 HEL0\@-0B'I[LNYF
]LMB8AU(GF77EC%!QZN24YVE^2&5*!2.Y*07Z)%B

XZ8


M[CT3M;]ZR7WT3%X[I+Z:+80NNKW'HG:W[UDOOHF+QW27TT6PA==7N/1.UOWK
M)??1

M2^FBV$+KJ]QZ)VM^]9+[Z)B\=TE]-%L(775[CT3M;]ZR7WT3%X[I+Z:+80NN
MKW'HG:W[UDOOHF+QW27TT6PA==7N/1.UOWK)??1

MTE]-%L(775[CT3M;]ZR7WT3%X[I+Z:+80NNKW'HG:W[UDOOHF+QW27TT6PA=
M=7N/1.UOWK)??1


M[I+Z:+80NNKW'HG:W[UDOOHF+QW27TT6PA==7N/1.UOWK)??1

M^]9+[Z)B\=TE]-%L(775[CT3M;]ZR7WT3%X[I+Z:+80NNKW'HG:W[UDOOHF+
MQW27TT6PA==7N/1.UOWK)??1



M@EGQ
6\E-)S$!





M *56R?\ IQK?_O370O)=W[(LW0@H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4
MH!0@% * 4 H!0@% * C.89EBS7^.G-+4T/MNQO'#0)7/N!V.@_@1328=\K
M!%BH-N+,TI*JB9S(HZ(EESJPM*0Y9
22)U0



M_)@O_A*Q0KR7;[LLY0@H!0@% * 4!\YNP77;4*



MF/T
MUON.;=E)-!
XPSK'%]B9^3I!& RR!&75&YH4-)CN
44:V0KOE=\&4IG-LB7-

M(W)

%6-9-2'
TSA00U@3)I9XQ9

M.D^+W*ZDD_KS(QGR\L;'#5G0KQ.XSF)XDT'H66
TIHFAI85B:6%U?+%GUAQ5

M ?*/M=

*CI1M1%VUG=FR#2R*
MI#A/9R)(ODSJ^@K[2T;DA/)I6KC%.QQ*$W\MDVF814AH-12.J)\IF 5%\H7
M39LV*.IKYE24


+K;


M2\MH[+*(L+*#1P1$Z+G3A%ZBJ.-PS
WWHF.-J!NAMM5)9^)-5270HF3 )(R?
"(9L 9$1G
DE%I+S
 VS$
+1;6V&Q@#C=+<;XYF--<!BP*VMIB4
M*8P
37AD* &?- 9BAXY_(RS#MEC;+Y-[VOZJ0WDI#:24M9O[%@/2M%WO)8/

ME76J'I6B[WDL'XQ;OUC2'9Z
2KK5#TK1=[R6#\8MWZQI#L]&)5UJAZ5HN]Y+
M!^

MQ*NM4/2M%WO)8/QBW?K&D.ST8E76J'I6B[WDL'XQ;OUC2'9Z
2KK5#TK1=[R
M6#\8MWZQI#L]&)5UJAZ5HN]Y+!^


MDL'XQ;OUC2'9Z
2KK5#TK1=[R6#\8MWZQI#L]&)5UJAZ5HN]Y+!^
6[]8TAV

MO)8/QBW?K&D.ST8E76J'I6B[WDL'XQ;OUC2'9Z
2KK5#TK1=[R6#\8MWZQI#
ML]&)5UJAZ5HN]Y+!^


M'9Z
)-?*JXG'-*5+V75^B=8G


4;#'''&^5[VM:]ZC36:CN5.


;*[
M:HZ-P9EMU=PH;:JY*NR*XNR(3A)DHJ.S8X!=JPM'W


MX=Q
\\[X!VOGGEEQWN


M5[6X_7Q6H7DN[^Q97S:G?L!+^% _IT(/-J=^P$OX4#^G0#S:G?L!+^% _IT
M\VIW[ 2_A0/Z= /-J=^P$OX4#^G0#S:G?L!+^% _IT \VIW[ 2_A0/Z= /-J
M=^P$OX4#^G0#S:G?L!+^% _IT \VIW[ 2_A0/Z= /-J=^P$OX4#^G0#S:G?L
M!+^% _IT \VIW[ 2_A0/Z= /-J=^P$OX4#^G0#S:G?L!+^% _IT \VIW[ 2_
MA0/Z= /-J=^P$OX4#^G0#S:G?L!+^% _IT \VIW[ 2_A0/Z= /-J=^P$OX4#
M^G0#S:G?L!+^% _IT \VIW[ 2_A0/Z= /-J=^P$OX4#^G0#S:G?L!+^% _IT
M \VIW[ 2_A0/Z= /-J=^P$OX4#^G0& RC(

3!5AT/%V








MR %V%V
570W6L


MBK9N+5Q4Z


6I%

#E+-)L-8F<#4QG=F.CP-)/%11TEN717I%<DO2?






MWR7Y;






W1

M\G&]^48




M4M%I._+I:FU
 &OB?BS62 EIP1VKXVPX@TQ58FH1E0+NM/PSO;




M&SN8E/ANUHS:_)\H2(\T,U:2.1Q7O?+$!Q+:4H7%X^.^..0C8OCQ6OE;/
2[MC&6+*#Q4#.?G=SO(Q**8W2@@(B:$/Q(24O%UA25#286*W




M%$#OE:_($SQXLKCRGLH!0@% * 4!I(V7U-X!M^SI(KOVGPTQOL N*Y4S)E
MY'V*2&@][K(:.FEBG2!MF)30ADDWYE 3.: $225\RGDX]@\K#6$S&UBQI0GB


]G;XX-UN.8@H.!V/0V






FEE2SMF?/X$SUD-!*+#A
M$C!-(



M_BL8KRK#$W_

<^&!?O






((D$A:



;4D9@/J3F(998#K&:H+
6'T6
G@^
MVH_^#HZ?OQW$I!V&V$WOVA?9(:YH!S3=LD.K*!(QEE;++S*<;32;*JA@!WMC
M8HG*@61+# + L-AS05\1Y_\3%R6'#VPK[R7 3N!OX.P F3(N.UF4Y($(N


M)%BV#H9H_%G

ZV8(C!(4KY8_D%&5;843 WJM^/
&A1K\


M\N]T2MP7$BI$@3XV2!6#H8UY=

;$& RQ$&XR
S'TYXM3D
ML@F@W:3R5$[I.2%

MU+J








/D#8R/(I9;ED:3 G.PF$SDHRN.EX.QO



M
&5-6/'5 T8


N!)UU:)'+/_#41([:Y8IS.E,,;XYY
M)RK'[-4A+VS!SN4SQMEE(G^Z7N::PK/%/3F_-%[_8^5+AKF]PKN[+OD%A2<

M
W9FW6HGE%










MA5OSGDIFUA.9SY?$&+^;G?'.UOS;U#4RE1JG/NRVE * 4 H!0@% ?*=NM\
MC;3[N[

M/G

)X%BA3G


C9X5XKHDAICA4SKQ


M(/9PAKN#BD5'D]4()ZC)J&_U5S(TBG4Y.
O0@N#)Y/
$)=_SE%HY1ER+6!AA

MB22Y^@B%R^1R8IKB2)RF 7/9FI+D=G

'ZUAFY@A(^8
MN:(\56,W&?<!*ZMFI6Q4#XI7SSMG@&9R!##QQ'JP_P/N+#6*U:\2;SN ]



(QK'UL

M9@_J'
G-B)-8[V+AWQO82V 



P;L&W=?9=67^/$NR3@E^=$#2@5M+5Y;*[#AH\.
F&D^%'1F'D29

%9897*6VHZ1PQUFLYFV7^R;U=<WXR=G5M

;;[ML@9Q\*QJ6(M*#/@=0D?=0
M$PQD4.


\;
MORLLA3IRPYL83
0488043//(1MO-M]ZDL4(* 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4

PZO*-C(Z TD0J.84EI3-9V*
M886
8E\ 0 I'5^-C7%1*
+BBE=9]VR3]0N#G9VFCQ2%QC2U)LBI!&/Y9;*J9
MF







M0H%* EK9VYL




]'0F++K
M







J9E 53:@D+QTLJ%1DTFO



M;
K?

MD%SK%AWSEJCP-VIFL3C-B7


ME\FZ)K7


W_





E

MQ6]=^/*W%:@(



TOF$





@_PL7.%W<67




V.
C!BP8<*B:IXHS:2SM;UY&V+@1N!+B_9N'GFZMPU?8%HR;!,R.V,\3)



MKB.)8SBQ

M' 4U1



?UY6
0_Q6N'!L;=/D/+Y0;JG[T<Z?L:X

MHTC-!M-IJW4AD9H
\JHBBJIT(105SZHNN%2#31ED;%(+!H::$C8B'A/B8^-J


V\S2^; (



 D]Q#R5$-I$/%0;\V6!5$C

MI=#2%NP62



+
MH5LK_DYK_NV'E2^%SQ8M/Z



66-UC\(?U)EDR:
MOQYIK@WID-9





MK-EI((^.5OR9^4)FMI8?(3]=Q
A+B7OZ[Y7OZZ4N]%N3BQ_F)[%E$@1T G@
MGH471BD _4&12)(74TF'Q6M:W(+$X3!!PXK6M;Y.%O5:UJ4N]%N2MEJ]CM/
M.DP^PL:]Z[H^QBE+O1;BMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V

M[H^QBE+O1;BMEJ]AYTF'V%C7O7='V








O\'TN3;$/Q
* )QXY^6D7J



M26&Q
Y.3;S;:?-EQ!S&'Y@G1B6&*XX_(8X6O?' NCL]-*8X7YO$O8/''#%2[













?3S)^4M*Z#*Z5+D@-^8TYX



M%_





H
M[7;&


M18^CF%]%-
M=Q@CL)ZNP9'2T$)SUW2@1LU\'J9'Y7+\H4'P;3C3O4S/+O?/R

M@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% 5CB[])+:C_ 8+_P$K%O)=ONRSE@%

)DUQQ\.?.&RY8+E##!X9 0X<W(U.3V@T
M) /;(0H48S^5%=&9;N'DAJ!MUSJ#?,X$W$CJ^2G8B<;ID0(!P&PAKDT(0<
M#%5,%.?!Y8L/*')9.U^/UV]=K^NU[?KH0K)'_PE5LG_ *<:W_[TUT+R7=^R

)O)1281

*









9^!*2K+SN(=WXV'0






9




9^!*2K+SN(=





MZ?





9^!*2K




9^!*2K+SN(=WXV'0






9




9^!*2K+SN(=





MZ?





9^!*2K




9^!*2K+SN(=WXV'0






9




9^!*2K+SN(=





MZ?





9^!*2K




9^!*2K+SN(=WXV'0






9




9^!*2K+SN(=





MZ?





9^!*2K




9^!*2K+SN(=WXV'0






9




M 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4!62/_P!*K9/_ $XUO_WIKH7DN[]D6;H04 H!
M0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@%
M* 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * K'%WZ26U'^3!?_5BA7DNWW99
MRA!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0%9(_\ TJMD_P#3C6__ 'IKH7DN[]D6;H04
M H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0


MQP3 .?%;E!B8WXK

M H!0@% * 4 H!0@% 49V;UPEV0WR-(D'O1@M=PNS7^2-:GN'(R

M]JZ






ZZ
ME^N_LL[N^2:OM#H0=2_7?V6=W?)-7VAT ZE^N_LL[N^2:OM#H!U+]=_99W=\
MDU?:'0#J7Z[^RSN[Y)J^T.@'4OUW]EG=WR35]H= .I?KO[+.[ODFK[0Z =2_
M7?V6=W?)-7VAT ZE^N_LL[N^2:OM#H!U+]=_99W=\DU?:'0&
/;1N$UQFNU$

M#M$726!2*

M^*_KH#L^I?KO[+.[ODFK[0Z =2_7?V6=W?)-7VAT ZE^N_LL[N^2:OM#H!U+
M]=_99W=\DU?:'0#J7Z[^RSN[Y)J^T.@'4OUW]EG=WR35]H= .I?KO[+.[ODF


MP
P QL !L@1#7*\E#%Q#RN'F9Y&6&?




EZ./)%**KY3
MGYT021F

ZGBER%LTU6YL.PVALX-(;B):&0WM6V9;E*




H51SU]
EU^\3(VB:9Z7I0A9YF)






&;



MA




0PFJ Q0P1*F@B)L0L:4[9W32QC N)D84+!BEQ

M9M*ZK)DB28
2E*0-46X*P4PVF1


YTF)ZOS



MAG9!:DE*YI4F(NYV\ZAV\27H\3V3/+ @4BD2E5UOWCG8VM4
B@% * 4 H!
M0@% * 4!Q#Y DJD3J6I%Y].4BAD@H$386 Y4Z2. YES10R );(
8N8 $$!

MQDQTR.6RX$%VH+**MM+Q;B8[&P^2

M%TY'

MX*8K$BI4

MB/3Z(J
1





MA-E#9S0;Q;(DA-EMII5'0T@ID







M * 4!@LD1A'
Q-!0C^5V

M(ZZEIJRF# Y$5
[[D]L

MX!V.'4UOG'8Z#2.3
#%TXPX5D4J&%FI&\A0.]H!0@% * 4 H#@*B6FKB8H
MHJR1**B0L$#B6JIA\ 
T144U0+B%#Q$Z6&QS!
E#9484N8 %PR#&!$S#SQRQ
MRO:X%;D#2;4!JH#H:K9UF@]O-MZHY! =B(BQLU4Q-7T=*42BPDD%(J23 0AP


M% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4
M H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0
M@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% * 4 H!0@% *








==C3/M











==C3/M











==C3/M










&.'\L







;?KRRRM:WZ[T!X%#A
^!





N.W_SM0'C?+'''

M5L\
\





XG_\






M8OF%K0BBOUF.(D_ES!=@4BG'$%.27J@
Q^.

C*YM72&OF
MJQZ79JAF'\2R55
56?2='8YCN8(W?C_ ' R&=+S%UM?SZ@[*4G/NL@NO
G
MIC=C#94BMIC+@%MIRZ]#I%-D;JZB.^6&TQP'VYD9TF&K8RJ,2.U \VPE9\^
M2;GFN=.M'34Q20R''2#'\L1X\2VQ^Z) U/D=MB).BIS 36XIFM.50VWA1


M

MD0.


Y5%


XML76LT8 /H0

MO1SM O.Q


M'2TGDCB%A\PTM*.
)JH9%-2U-8. BB..5IUY=84?F48O&*=E3NQ.RG0I5ER-


+ =$E
P-'#S$NK%1FPT)!C)9%43(


:/EZ
V6M&I;=K:;*
MLK-B
6OJ+
J4O/Q?*E1



M

MVX)-9]W]Z5?-TFMRDH4&[)+R6G8AP09C3;I4'UY/:]2DSHZ#:D=P%!#/A%-:
M\@QP$YD(13:D+%AG 0D_!9@TJX\O*5N7FW@@$'2EH!Q=0 I6
HK7-RXSJXH_

DE'#F9AUAJBWLPV&A


F)$PS&J


++2516<YK(S=\,TLF+#63\2X4FDKN_O\L:&L.4HIV346GYUIZP6
8PK($

U#B!
[C/RBFMMD20E0&]

5*Q
)K=8*
MT_C(HBCI?I



2H3Z;D7D'J;70A=
F\\_FRS7+Q
M/.#RVP.Z)4C#R4YGI+A':];$UD9*3&H[6;:=$BFJJVJQ%R2RD3:5;V26TY




M

MA%173L'8(W+@3OPRF4LP$4DS


31#


MJ%RXZ@GDU9
-'2F Q8NH$A1






HT_I3=0W:$+VC1YVK'.G8M[I\

5#&&HCN1$3VL1=JVMSCL

11(I0.(Y3ST7WG+LG!6 &.9$:#^8)8CK: ZMB$W
-]J)D?:NN7-K#1,HWE%9#3DA/
MBM:BDK%[<63B@$IYN%PPNZ645S?.E:S)W:4!O4WV]&.:^ZME5V27'$,$NEDE
MP6\VU!GY;$K4BKP.P3)V S1F<C


MJV+)X\'-(67\W$*\

H0(/DS'F



==#3OM8



=




==#3OM8:T]^T7



==#3OM8



=

Q
;9/0$P\2DB&)\T]'D
M @EH1!]#2GPKQ)(8V8H@R

5.!/8$Q







YM_I6HW*74-HM73UR!P%1(W.39$YFY)0+XB8ESY



8$3
//'*X[+)=D?_]D!
end








begin 644 g101022img1.jpg

M;P(0  !M;G1R4D=(%A96B 'S@   D !@ Q  !A8W-P35-&5     !)14
@

M   Q    (AV=65D   #3    (9V:65W   #U    1L=6UI   #^    !1M
M96%S   $#    1T96-H   $,     QR5%)#   $/    QG5%)#   $/


V
3DV
M-BTR+C$              !)S4D=($E%0S8Q.38V+3(N,0
M                                                    6%E:(
M     /-1  $    !%LQ865H@                     %A96B        !O
MH@  ./4   .06%E:(        &*9  WA0  &-I865H@        )*    ^$

@-C$Y
M-C8M

@-C$Y-C8M


$
MQ@#+ -  U0#; .  Y0#K /  ]@#[ 0$!!P$- 1
!&0$? 24!*P$R 3@!/@%%

M\@'Z @

$X03P

M609J!GL&C :=!J\&P ;1!N




!6;%;T5X!8#



M'


M;8(

X(V8CE/(_ D'R1-

MHBC4*08I.EK*9TITH*C4J:J;*L\K BLV*VDKG2O1+ 4L.2QN+*(LURT


&PPI##;

M93RD/.
](CUA/:$]X#X@/F ^H#[@/R$_83^B/^) (T!D0*9 YT$I06I!K$'N
92,5)\4L=3$U-?4ZI3]E15(]4



MR#W(O
DZR;G*.
MPZ_OLANT1[9SN*.ZT[T#OS/!8\.7Q<O'_\HSS&?.G]#3TPO50]=[V;?;[
M]XKX&?BH^3CYQ_I7^N?[=_P'_)C]*?VZ_DO^W/]M____VP!#  P(0H)!PP*
M0H-# P.$1T3$1 0$2,9&Q4=*B4L*RDE*@N-$(X+C$_
B@H.DXZ/T1'2DM*
M+3=15U%(5D))2D?_VP!# 0P-#1$/$2(3$R)'
@P1T='1T='1T='1T='1T='
M1T='1T='1T='1T='1T='1T='1T='1T='1T='1T='1T='1T?_P  1 (U 98#

MM1   @$# P($ P4%! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*Q
MP152T? D


MM+6VM[BYNL+#Q


B




!  (1
M Q$ /P#M;31-)O[O4)[W3;2XE-VPWRPJS8KCDBK7_

G^%)9
MW
5G#J=Q.2$2[;.!DGA0 !W)/%36NKQ7.H-9K;W$;+NP\B *Q7&0#GJ

MH$';(69L8SRN!754 9/_  C'A_\ Z FG_P#@

M/\J 

MP=LL2.O3/M5N@#)_P$8\/_ /0$T_\ \!D_PH_X1CP__P! 33__  &3_M:
MB@#)_P$8\/_ /0$T_\ \!D_PH_X1CP__P! 33__  &3_M:B@#)_P$8\/_


M%Q(C8VG@L1D?D: 3PWHR1J-$T[#,0?]&3T)]*?_PC'A__ * FG_\ @,G^
M%:,O^NA_WC_Z:EH R?^$8\/_P#0$T__ 
!D_P */^$8\/\ _0$T_P#\!D_P


D[8S]X':1_+@YK;H R?^$8\/_P#0$T__ 
!D_P */^$8\/\ _0$T_P#\
M!D_PK6HH R?^$8\/_P#0$T__ 
!D_P *9)X;T!9(U&B:=AF(/^C)Z$^E;-12
M_PN@_WS_P@F@#._P$8\/_ /0$T_\ \!D_PH_X1CP__P! 33__  &3_M:
MB@#)_P$8\/_ /0$T_\ \!D_PH_X1CP__P! 33__  &3_M:B@#)_P$8\/_
M /0$T_\ \!D_PIC^&] 62-1HFG88D'_1D]#[5LU%+_KH?]X_R- &=_PC'A__
M * FG_\ @,G^%'_



M_LNP_@_Y=(^YY[5HZU;QW

YO#F
MC!&/]EV'R'_ (](_P$X':GGPUHOF[?[+L


V_Y#U]_UQA_F]% %(1+-I^KQL$P;ICEY
M/+ P%.=V#C'7/M5?P\;ZZU)KF\!N(8XRL-T91M.2
A5V+G./O?E4D_E'2=86
M=-Z-=
NW:IR3L &&XZD=:K^'XXK?6&5$;8XDCCDVQ@.4(#_=4' / YYQ]* *




?3FN0-NZWOAN
M*.TBD9H0DBO&K8Q*Q(&=HX/H?PKJ_B7 9_#\ \M'5;@%B[


O[S:2OU7KC!QUH [O3+9(-3
BD
DBL(CL









MQ%8#C))QP3@\T ;E0Q_\?$W_  '^535#'_Q\3?\  ?Y4 0:2=UEG:1EV/)R3




M &8T2?ZN?_KJ/_9:+3[Z_P#7/_V8T2?ZN?\ ZZC_ -EH 67I=_\ 7/\ H:D'
F/]BT60QR/9-AF5!(!P,XP0/

G'% $5M_R'K[_KC#_-Z*+;_D/7W_ %QA_F]%


LDFG3$PKD_-O1QM'3

?_'Q-_P'^535

M4 %%%% !2'I2TAZ4 8




0&YN02-V
$L/:M:7_ %L'^\?_ $$U$]DK0-%OVAI ^44#



B@A9Q:H]UJ!L[NUBB^UM\LENS



M_P !&_\ BZ/(UW_H(6/_ (-_P#%UJ44 9?D:[_T$+'_ ,!&_P#BZ/(UW_H(
M6/\ X-_\76I10!E^1KO_00L?_ 1O_BZ/(UW_H(6/_@(W_Q=:E% &7Y&N_\
M00L?_ 1O_BZ3R-=_Z%C_P C?\ Q=:M% &5]FUS_G_L/_ -O_BZ3[-KG_/]
M8?\ @&W_ 
76M10!E&VUPD$W]@2#D?Z(W'_C]+Y&N_\ 00L?_ 1O_BZU** 
MOR-=_P@A8_^ C?_ !='D:[_ -!Q_\  1O_ (NM2B@#+\C7?^@A8_\ @(W_
M 

76I10!E^1KO_00L?\ P$;_ .+H\C7?^@A8
M_P#@(W_Q=:E% &7Y&N_]!Q_\!&_^+I#;:X2;^P)'3_ $1N/_'ZU:* 
OR-
M=_Z%C_X-_\71Y&N_\ 00L?_ 1O_BZU** 

6KC^4E1_V;J_\ S_V?;_EWD[=/


MT=CK


MT$+'_P !&_\ BZU** 
OR-=_Z%C_P C?\ Q='D:[_T$+'_ 
!&_P#BZU**
M 
C2DNTUB_%[-%+)Y4.&BC*#'S]B314]M_R'K[_KC#_-Z* $TC_6:A_U^/\
M^@K6C6=I'^LU#_K\?_T%:T: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :[J@RYP*4$



0-M.1[4 2T4E+0 QI$5PK

\Q/
V;AN]*?40@C%R9=@WD8S0!+1110 Q9$9

M ZFEIKJ&0JPR,$4 .KKN4Y%.J.&-8HE1%V@#I4E !1110 445$_P#Q]1_[


M9J__ #ZV7_@0W_Q%'F:O_P ^ME_X$-_\10!?HJAYFK_\^ME_X$-_\11YFK_\
M^ME_X$-_\10!?HJAYFK_ //K9?\ @0W_ 
11YFK_ //K9?\ @0W_ 
10!?HJ
MAYFK_P#/K9?^!#?_ !%'F:O_ 


HIPN80!*O(R.:B73;!5

M%74NK=PDR,H8$'@CUJM)HVE2R;I-



M55-%TE)-R:79*PZ%;= 1^E3?V?8_\^=O_P!^E_PH 6:]M8(VDGN(XT52S
S8





(4:Q.?XC&O?MS4

M%*SW9)!W3$@#L
@[4 NXO/

\MB/
4YQ@#Y2
T
M 7=*_P07;_[@IMG_P @^7_KI-_Z&U5;?4%M+73XFYIP /FQBK5G_R#Y?\

N/
M2@Q13<G^[^M+D^E '[PIU0223ZA1(-T;;M\F\#9QQQWS4V3Z4 +3?X_PI

MZR0;$4KY;[P=_'/';%2/((QE^!_.@!7W;#LQNQQGUKE+RTNTTBXTV2W9[B]:

]OY)$C!1O#;

MWL5Z98[OZUI9/]W]: '4444 %1/_ 
?4?^ZW]*EJ)_\ CZC_ -UOZ4 2T444
M %%%% !1110!GVW_ 'K[_KC#_-Z*+;_ )#U]_UQA_F]% :1_K-0_Z_'_\


\]L50
%DR2


M[EVD*P_TKGC'X_2G6)

] %RWC2&VB
MBC&$1 JCT '%24R$DPH203M&2.E/H **** HG_X^H_]UOZ5+43_ /'U'_NM

/\ -Z* $TC_
M %FH?]?C_P#H*UHUG:1_K-0_Z_'_ /05K1H *S]&_P/:?\ Z^IO_1C5H5GZ
M-_Q[3_\ 7U-_Z,:@2[7=?6?/ 9CC\*N55N49KRU8#*J6SS[5:H R=5+K=!E
M('RJ



L

M I!%
=-D1E._SR0_;=QS_2BVF75&F*@IYC'(/0;1C- &I1110!A0&
'3M[

9K4L_

'^]
M^E+@^M+10!!)'


56\/L'TR93N!A4@[-N1CT[5?_B_@ P?6C!]:6B@)

\#



TZ*%8AQEFQ@LQR30 [!QUJ&VCG17$UQYI+L5.P+M7/ _#UJQ2#I0



M_LIIRH(X2HY.23W/O45G;&%2TLSSR,2VY\?*#_ .@% #U_X^W_ -Q?YFHN
M_P#V\5*O_'V_^XO\S4)95(W
!FXP

0GOSG^=5=0O)K'3

$




#T'%3;1Z4 (?O+576)7@TBZEC8J
MZ1


M$=#R*QYM&NYHI(VU0CS5*NZVZ[B#UYK1%HGVB.8L^Z.
Q@9XQQSCUXH F'WF

M5Z'ZFC:
8Q4-M:6]LKK!'M#R-(W).6)R3S0!8K
\1RQP:%=33



MH T*YO4;





J01M'(-2T %%%
EE6&
N_04 $I B8DX !JMI'.DVO_
M %S%%]=K%I-Q=*N\1PN^T]\ G'Z5%H$XN- L)PI026Z/MZXR
XH T:1NWUI-

41L



M/6KE4M*C
=H!DD9X!!X_.KM !2$!AA@/0TM% $-U'$]E+%*@:)HRK+CJ
$

4 6Z1AG'UI:1NW
MUH @OYGMK&6:-0S(N0#1+
T=S;QX!$NX$]^!GBFZF'.FSB
$OL. .]1W3(E]
M9.YVXW\D]/EH N$?
#3J:?OG4 %-Q\^?:G4W^/\* '54OOO6O\ UW'\C5NJ
ME]]ZU_Z[C^1H L@?,:=2#[QI: *5QC:M:SF95:-'39QEMV
?^@FK:CC\:HR

MQQ4E-C!$2@G)P.?6G4 %%%% !43_ /'U'_NM_2I:B?\ X^H_]UOZ4 2T444

/\WHHMO^0]??\ 7&'^;T4 )I'^LU#_ *_'_P#0
M5K1K.TC_ %FH?]?C_P#H*UHT %4)-%TZ25Y&MEW.Q9B&(R3U/!J_10!G?V'I





M?@^;%R






A+?0T ='
XJ)A_I
15CO/+<JX5O+






1^E;?AB\




L4RL4W-OC..Q^5#D'K6@VHW;74$

M.
$=

MMD5GZ'I\]@\OFJ KXZ;1W)X '^UW[ 4 :]1/_P ?4?\ NM_2I:B?_CZC_P!U




M



M?@70X-#L+FV@FDF5Y?

M;O6(HIK&*154R+

.8WSUSCCBMZ638555W


AHU(.0

MZ0@


M


5\CS-B')P@E8#FJ0ZCZUKZ%_R#A_UVF_]



M3'F8SCGH#63)KWC-#)H]W/9R,!O,#,KKC))7'KQBKRZKJA5L[X #  M'X_


.\
M2LWL2!4V3_=_6@!U%%% !43_ /'U'_NM_2I:B?\ X^H_]UOZ4 2T444 %%%%

/\WHHMO^0]??\ 7&'^;T4 )I'^LU#_ *_'_P#05K1K
M.TC_ %FH?]?C_P#H*UHT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 
E<5972B



^3[TS499FLG4VLB@D<EE..?K0!V\2A8D4= H I],A),
M*$D$[1DCI3Z BBB@ J)_P#CZC_W6_I4M1/_ 

MPR1JI



M

%DD&[/)8
!V!!






\ Y/-5O$




ML[2/]9J'_7X__H*UHT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

M#'I0!:FM898RIC5?0J

M.
?6@])+'#'OFD6-?[S' I]9?B5/,T60'9]Y3\[A1U]36FOW1]*  ,3@@X
2PSVH N9 U(Y.,PC'O\ ,:BUF1(=*FEE8*B#<Q/8FZBEY)+&MI<
MQ1CJR


M $M%%% !1110 4444 9]M_R'K[_KC#_-Z*+;_D/7W_7&'^;T4 )I'^LU#_K\
M?_T%:T:SM(_UFH?]?C_^@K6C0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44



*.*&.600-G<N
#CJ#DFM.L^PO86N)+
%A

M
;B


$F<=NOUJ0?\A)O^N(_P#0C4&NS?9]&N9MI?RTW;0<9QSB@#MH


/\WHHMO^0]??\
M7&'^;T4 )I'^LU#_ *_'_P#05K1K.TC_ %FH?]?C_P#H*UHT %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4A 888 CT-+10!S'Q TQ]2\/111J
MA2&[BED4G&4!P0
=^:BBACMHEMX%V11#8B@] . *N^-8HIM%C$UZUIMN8F1E

]Q5:%%&LV6^2(3+: &
D[^A[=
5:UQHDTB=IXQ+&
;D+


KY8#G[QJS4%E_J7_ .NK_P#H1H GI:2EH S8W-O$EP$9
MDW.DNT9(&XX..^#_ #K05E=0R$
IZ$=ZJV[NECF-&=O

#'

DN[V66/6M0
7F
&2-
M]BH?[H^AH U2&2^




M .@K6C6=I'^LU#_K\?\ ]!6M&@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

DCZUCZ




?\ZMU4U'[MM_U\Q_SH MUS
M+WOB.#5)[2VTI)(/
9HYF.%8'GK73536:^EWF**VVARHWR

 EC9?EBX'*@]#264VGV@GC%_ 2T[NP:1058G)'7M0!S4E]J^_G

OO^N,/\WHHMO^0]??]<8?YO10 FD?ZS4/^OQ_
M_05K1K.TC_6:A_U^/_ZM:- !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111


MKU4[*5KBXEE


2&9
M1M$A7Y@/3-244 %5-1^[;?\ 7S'_ #JPZN9$99-JC.Y=N=WISVJOJ/W;;_KY
MC_G0!;JO8_ZE^




RH0@12%SP#DT7G2'_KLE1V<2Q32 NY

_V93!+&
M/M
?S-C'7V-69?\ C^MO]U_YH]2'R6W_7S'_.@S)(D2;Y&+ZDXJP(:W9
MQ\P
CD$=_F-6&4

MQ



$8!]P:EC@MH@5MKZ: $D[=XQD\G



M /05K1K.TC_6:A_U^/\ ^@K6C0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


M


.AKJJ* .9\BX_Y]YO^_9H\BX_Y]YO^_9KIJ* .)@T7




M;3'ZQFNFHH Y1M.WG+6#D_\ 7(BB'3S 6
5G*I;J=C&NKHH Y=;6579UM90S



M -!6M&L[2/\ 6:A_U^/_ .@K6C0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!GVW_ 'K[_KC#_-Z*+;_ )#U
M]_UQA_F]% :1_K-0_Z_'_\ 05K1K.TC_6:A_P!?C_\ H*UHT %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9]
MM_R'K[_KC#_-Z*+;_D/7W_7&'^;T4 )I'^LU#_K\?_T%:T:SM(_UFH?]?C_^
M@K6C0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44


M']AG_H+:I_X$?_6HHH /[#/_ $%M4_\  C_ZU']AG_H+:I_X$?\ UJ** #^P
MS_T%M4_\/\ ZU']AG_H+:I_X$?_ %J** #^PS_T%M4_\/_ *U']AG_ *V
MJ?\ @1_]:BB@ _L,_P#06U3_ ,/_K4?V&?^@MJG_@1_]:BB@ _L
_\ 06U3
M_P /_K4?V&?^@MJG_@1_P#6HHH /[#/_06U3_P(_P#K4?V&?^@MJG_@1_\
M6HHH /[#/_06U3_P(_\ K4?V&?\ H+:I_P!'_UJ** #^PS_ -!;5/\ P(_^
MM1_89_ZVJ?^!'_UJ** #^PS_P!!;5/_  (_^M1_89_ZVJ?^!'_ -:BB@ _
ML
_]!;5/_ C_ .M1_89_ZVJ?^!'_P!:BB@ _L,_]!;5/_ C_PM1_89_P@
MMJG_ ($?_6HHH /[#/\ T%M4_P# C_ZU']AG_H+:I_X$?_6HHH /[#/_ $%M
M4_\  C_ZU']AG_H+:I_X$?\ UJ** #^PS_T%M4_\/\ ZU']AG_H+:I_X$?_
M %J** #^PS_T%M4_\/_ *U']AG_ *VJ?\ @1_]:BB@ _L
_P#06U3_ 
/
M_K4?V&?^@MJG_@1_]:BB@ _L,_\ 06U3_P /_K4?V&?^@MJG_@1_P#6HHH
M/[#/_06U3_P(_P#K4?V&?^@MJG_@1_\ 6HHH /[#/_06U3_P(_\ K4?V&?\
MH+:I_P!'_UJ** #^PS_ -!;5/\ P(_^M1_89_ZVJ?^!'_UJ** #^PS_P!!
M;5/_  (_^M1_89_ZVJ?^!'_ -:BB@ _L,_]!;5/_ C_ .M1_89_ZVJ?^!'
M_P!:BB@ _L
_]!;5/_ C_PM1_89_P@MJG_ ($?_6HHH LZ?IR6
DKBXN)W

begin 644 g101022img2.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ E@6  #_X@Q824-#7U!23T9)3$4  0$   Q(3&EN
M;P(0  !M;G1R4D=(%A96B 'S@   D !@ Q  !A8W-P35-&5     !)14
@

M   Q    (AV=65D   #3    (9V:65W   #U    1L=6UI   #^    !1M
M96%S   $#    1T96-H   $,     QR5%)#   $/    QG5%)#   $/


V
3DV
M-BTR+C$              !)S4D=($E%0S8Q.38V+3(N,0
M                                                    6%E:(
M     /-1  $    !%LQ865H@                     %A96B        !O
MH@  ./4   .06%E:(        &*9  WA0  &-I865H@        )*    ^$

@-C$Y
M-C8M

@-C$Y-C8M


$
MQ@#+ -  U0#; .  Y0#K /  ]@#[ 0$!!P$- 1
!&0$? 24!*P$R 3@!/@%%

M\@'Z @

$X03P

M609J!GL&C :=!J\&P ;1!N




!6;%;T5X!8#



M'


M;8(

X(V8CE/(_ D'R1-

MHBC4*08I.EK*9TITH*C4J:J;*L\K BLV*VDKG2O1+ 4L.2QN+*(LURT


&PPI##;

M93RD/.
](CUA/:$]X#X@/F ^H#[@/R$_83^B/^) (T!D0*9 YT$I06I!K$'N
92,5)\4L=3$U-?4ZI3]E15(]4



MR#W(O
DZR;G*.

$$Q-#D[/CX^
M)2Y$24



S4O 58G+1

MP8R?_&:VJ* 
7[5XI_Z!&E_^#&3_ .
T?:O%/_0(TO\ \&
G_P 9K:HH Q?M
M7BG_ *!&E_\ @QD_^

9/
M_C-'VKQ3_P! C2__  8R?_&:VJ* 
7[5XI_Z!&E_^#&3_P,T?:O%/\ T-+
M_P#!C)_\9K:HH Q?M7BG_H$:7_X
9/\ XS1]J\4_] C2_P#P8R?_ !FMJB@#

9/_ (S1]J\4_P#0
M(TO_ 
&


T?:O

7[5XI_
MZ!&E_P#@QD_^

M)_\ &:VJ* 
7[5XI_P@1I?_ (,9/_C-'VKQ3_T-+_\&
G_ 
9K:HH Q?M7
MBG_H$:7_ .#&3_XS1]J\4_\ 0(TO_P &

MC-'VKQ3_ - C2_\ P8R?_&:VJ* 
7[5XI_Z!&E_^#&3_ .
T?:O%/_0(TO\
M\&
G_P 9K:HH Q?M7BG_ *!&E_\ @QD_^
T?:O%/_0(TO_P8R?\ QFMJB@#%

9/_C-'VKQ3_P! C2__  8R?_&:VJ* 
7[5XI_Z!&E_^#&3
M_P,T?:O%/\ T-+_P#!C)_\9K:HH Q?M7BG_H$:7_X
9/\ XS1]J\4_] C2

M
9/_ (S1]J\4_P#0(TO_ 
&

M-+_ /!C)_\ &:VJ* ,3[5XI_P@1I?_ (

M

9/_C-

SW!N_)N()Q+#
 DC*I0X


MZ^E &%_:^M6VH6$&HZ99117LY@$D%XTC*WEN_0QKQ\A'7O6[FL;7O^0EX?\

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HJM=7T



MXKI98H%4.C$E#QS





M'N;_ +!D?_HUZVZQ$_Y'N;_L&1_^C7K;H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 




W&U
MGW;USD+GDDY]!75+%C(/M**8G9'#G:05&3U]B#GTYI4U.P=0R7ENP)V@B53D


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *








/_ (1*R)4R7-W*.-X=U/F#Y
@_+T/EIP
8V\8!
M();^$=-MI$D5[AF0  O)D\-&WIW:(








MP



F0KEEZ@&
8].G;IG@ZI\.HZ ?;[P?*5R7!/4G)R.

M^

MVG^%5'T$.[

MY&.O/7KP/2K%EIXL6E*W%Q*)!-)OV8]
\_GF@#

M'^CS^E;]8NO?\A+P_P#]A(_^D\];5 &(G_(]S?\ 8

M
C_]&O6W0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

MP0
XZ]L'-==7)_$4

=QJ%G?3V\Z7B06







MVZ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@






M3^T%_P?6Z_[]&D_M!?^?6Z_[\F@Y15/^T!_P ^MU_WZ-']H+_SZW7_ 'Z-

X&1ZTJ7MM(P5




M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

MTRV1B//.
]R2#DGH*O1^()9-X_LVY3&
%T89&X#^[Z$G\/RT1J-L1UD/_;%_

6K6BP+&F

LO_ 'Y?_C^T;;U




?U^E %ZBJ9U?
M31((S?VX<C(7S5SZ^M.AU*QN2@@NX92Z[E.#N'3(_(T 9^O?\A+P_\ ]A(_
M^D\];58NO?\ (2\/_P#82/\ Z3SUM4 8B?\ (]S?]@R/_P!&O6W6(G_(]S?]
M@R/_ -&O6W0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1







M$_Y'N;_L&1_^C7K;K$3_ )'N;_L&1_\ HUZVZ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


H8%E
M^\
\CZTZ@ HI*;YB;]FX;\9VYYQZXH ?1110 44PRHK*K
 S?=!/)IP.: %H

*-F6+*C(!:0D]ZT;J;4K1K./[<'\^<0LQ-
MQD?*QS_K_P#9_6@#T6L[5CJ 2/\ L]5+;ANW

9XZGCD5RVS4/^?\


8P C?7GWH
M]6W#.

MBL$C


MD)_/S:H:MX=UZ_A*VGB;^SI6(WRPVK


M]\2\CV- %JRL1;WEQ

Y^653^8E!H V



M%4

M\$1D0J'2VDW*2
9'[WK0!9N[!9[ZWG$C+L/*@9SCG\/_ -57P !@5Y]=_#[Q
CPH2,$HS _SH Z*J6HV
M2WBIDCY3C#+N7G SCU]_KZUCQ_#WPM%\O2]A#;B1<2Y8_[1W9;\<US?C;P5

M4MGG.



(_




M- '8:]_R$O#_ /V$C_Z3SUM5BZ]_R$O#_P#V$C_Z3SUM4 8B?\CW-_V#(_\
MT:];=8B?\CW-_P!@R/\ ]&O6W0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5


M8'Q7EO)(Q 1!*,LQX _.LVRU,)K^I)?RPPM$(XT).S


M



M6XNHX_



JR[SGI]_'Z5ZZ.!0
E-CP%(4Y^8_GDT





MXG\22:P-5DLQ
%\Z%80^Y@

M[JH% '*?!+6YY[?5]$O9I#8PV_G(S-Q 

9 .



M^4# 4 C!/('/KW0T730(L6



M_P *T** 
_[%J7_09?\ \!HO\*3[%J7F(QUIRJN&9?LT8W#NN0!C/K6C10 4

MB /B%7Y_WG&X_4\UL'Z?A6)-?^($U66+2$DLUEC5)C( 60@EC][C!P.GX&@
MY]BU+_H
O\ ^ T7^%.%C-]GE62\+W#E2)S$@*[6#+P!@X(/7UJO!=ZPRV/F
MZ: TK

?B: +

MV&H.C(VLR%6!!'V:/D'\*DTS3FT^U$

M 'TI:** (8HI$GF=[AI$D(*1E /+&.0#WSUYJ:BB@ JOY$WV\SFZ8P&+8+?8


M^9&(%(DR #GI@\U:.G63VZP-:0F)&+*A0;03GD#\3^9JS10!2_L;3/^?W_
M ._0JMJVF!M/@2Q#6[6EPL\8MHHV;()) #$#G//J



+PX7\I


5#+;V&F7%^[VXF?9+'&(PQ8*

MMRKH=US$N1DJP^]GL: .B4^:
I
&'JH!I61RF!*0?[V!6'X?2'1=
73DTB73




G\!3Z* 
;2YEN]1U&2'6EO(UD5! B)BW(&&&0


8UQNSG?N
MZ].
=*O4WCS








J?F&&+9'OS@
M^O%6+O19KFX:0:I=PAF5MD;8 PNTC/7'\7UYYK6IK[MAV8W8.
]
T 8B^&Y
MK[];U)R5D ;SB-FX 9'J5 P
]SFG0^'9(K@3/K-_(%9&V-)A?E !X']['(]^
MG6MB'S?)0SA1)CYMAR

MO.WRP?N]LY[T 34444 %%1



PNOMIG:.82V4[+;J[N3*<(-P
M (.T$$YQD4 =VD

M'U)'TYKG)/$=K;6AO


MK4FGQWZV


M


M08ZD_AQ3JI7

MIO\ %6F*&*GR)6R.O#Q''X]*V\/D_




M
]&Y!XX[XH+5.3V*$EM (H8XM/ CEV

M/_T:];=8B?\ (]S?]@R/_P!&O6W0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


E\'
M8?8$@9_*EFGB@C
DKA5'&3_GF@#GM.UF6U%UYFB:O^]N9)%VVN?E)X[U=3Q#

_^/5JQRI-$DL;!HY%#*PZ
#R#3LB@#'_X2/_J:S_X?\


#UG

MOXAV.R_V+K#8)&5M






MA+5[C7?#5KJ-TL:S3%PPC!\,1W)]* -J[ _X1G4\#'^K_\ 0Q78UQUY_P B
MSJ?TB_\ 0Q794 ,CQY:X&!CI3Z9&(U!& !3Z $/(IL6AV]-S?S-.--B!5
M
?


QC:6P1G'T)_
T 2'6]







MG/\ HT];M8NO?\A+P_\ ]A(_^D\];5 &(G_(]S?]@R/_ -&O6W6(G_(]S?\
M8


M*?

4P89($A\L-D=%Y)X(SG'6K.

!QGZ
M4 1PZ#=P0I%%XAU)8XU*-L'  P!_JZ9+8:D@4VVNZC=$RK&X!MU\L'JW^J[
M9''O4\T.H6VGWMT]])%(!++'&A5TX)4?


&MO



QX!&#Q

#_:-=

MY]G@ED5+D?9P20V FWRNPYW?I5JV/^EP_P#71?YU?TY_

M'^E9NN_ZBS_Z_H/_ $

=OI&GPQCI9P!1CMY:\U.5!89 /;D5':?\
M@VQ_Z\X/_1:U* 21QQGK0!1M;:-+&W:.%&!B7*E1S\HY^OM_^NGM]G( BMXW
MD/\  0!MX)^;TZ46K2-8P+$.1&@9C_#P./K@U*T#HK-!Q)@\MT8\]?Q]/P]*
M *XM8H[Z [5+%7R=H]ORJZ  !@8Q58MOOX%V%6OE3^AJUF@ O
_\(UJ0 [1
M\_\  JZ\LP7(7)]



*R@2;SH'\]85#OOMW
M9@6QDX)SZ?



MJL77O^0EX?_PPD?\ TGGK:H Q$_Y'N;_L&1_^C7K;K$3_


MQ\

_.H_\ @QG_
M /BJS;G1XK&&YEN+^[8-



\

U9)8YFF5


M!/(




 !0S<[L $B@#KJ*8)
M-QP%;\J7=U^4\4 '\8Y['BLW7?\ 46?_ %_0?^ABK$UZL-Y:P&=C.64

M3 S\Q[=/SJEXDNH;6QMY[B188H[VW+22




M2RW6FRW&E16[VT






M_N/_ .AM0!T=%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &+KW_(2\/_\ 82/_ *3SUM5BZ]_R
M$O#_ /V$C_Z3SUM4 8B?\CW-_P!@R/\ ]&O6W6(G_(]S?]@R/_T:];= !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !6?KG_((N/HO_H0K0K/US_D$7'T7_P!
M% '%:O;3-[ZWNF@FA@=1A58-G!QSTY JKJ5J+:11+:R:W]J9$^SRB
;=F27
M&0!P





ML:#_ )^M0_\  ^;_ .*IFE6ZV]YJD2/(P6Y3#22
[']Q%U9LDUIGISP#7
^)




W$*
S-DJ@(WLI(_B
M'TY'I6QIW_(


?^DB\


MNN.V.G&/3BO0-

M2 H)+N^%JK.2%4RPRQY./3?G\* */@_0)/!VG7-A:7R20W=Y+Y?FVQ=SM818


MEI!:PIB*WC6.





M'2@!:Y?7[&UNO&&ARW%J9WMDDDA(+#8V^(;N#C@$\'MFNHK#U!E'BW3$)^8V
MTQ'/8/%_B* -ND9%8$



?-XFU%#B&ZE52FX
M;LJK<_*6[5!=Z=IEE=V,'VZ^C29VC _MXPV!@*/FX^8J/QKHG4.A5E# C!!




NW(FG
6Y1U 8*3GD



4
M^S0+N^F016+;2ZX+J$BST_(D7K=.._\ USK=\-_:O[7UY;R.*.=KN.1A$Y=0
D6LGA:71D)$#QB)MK'.PW'/)[DUI:;;V
M]GI]O;P1)#&J -%CWX^M9GB&=;30KJY;4'E6!1(4 C)(4@\?+UXK0L8)OL


M\J9=:
N
[AB
MD\Q

G'TXINI:I%IEBUVZM*JNB;
M8U+

/F+\_KCCFL

XR
]:@NKV*UB\QV&
X
M R!S]20!^-6!3)88YEVRHKKG.&% !#





MO&/AZV?9/J)B;89




:3!<76KWRS/NW@, $,1_<]JBM?'6A7L\4%O+/)+,K,B)
M23C)/ _W33M

]
M&[M^8<=NM.Q7'7WQ0\,:=<O%=SW$4D2KN5H2#E@#C'KC^7TK2/C/3MQVNH
M-P4



6Y5#O;









M_GT@_P_8J*?2M-D*M)86S'. 3IX/;ITJ]3)&QMQW8@JNCZ8EJUJFGVJP
M


M#'ZGJ?QJRD


.SA%#-U(')I4/S/['






MO]!4E $8@B$AD$:AR


M'


M*
Q!)6^F!)'_  .ED\!^'W9'DMKF9ER!YEY





33

M'_QRJHM].'2PTD?25?\ XFE\C3_^?'2O^_J__$T 3/J]VDJ1MHMWNDSM'F0\
MXZ_\M*J-XKB2\%FUC*MR6)KB -D]!CS/8_E4
\&G_;[0?8=+P=_25?0?[-

MD;E(8_$.D&WB'VU
BW8


M/6EHH **** $(SUHQBEHH **** $QCI2T44 %(  .*6B@ HHHH 3 %+110 4
U '9$ C!HK&TFX9KN.*)KPVS12,/M@(?A
MDV\, P'S-][DX] *VJ BBB@!  !@4M%% !2  =*6B@ HHHH 3%+110 4F!G

M1!_R[&7_ ):R^G2NZKAO!



M2_XT )_P


3_6R!S_J+KN*


MLPV^N0

M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 W:
YQSZTNT9I:* &A0#G')[TZBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI* %HHHH **** N

CG'ER$8WM_



:?R#?6IZ:0N\$B(X' QFK.Z
MV]=*_P_9J[+J\/E
8H;II #M#6DP!/;)V'C\*IOK=[P5T_)QG&VX'/'_3'Z

M_/K#_P!\C[!9_\ /K#_ -\K%% %?[!9_\ /K#_ -\C[!9_P#/K#_WP*L4
M4 5_L%G_ ,^L/_? H^P6?_/K#_WP*L44 5_L%G_SZP_]\C[!9_\^L/_ 'P*
ML44 5_L%G_SZP_\ ? H^P6?_ #ZP_P#? JQ10!7^P6?_ #ZP_P#? H^P6?\
MSZP_]\K%% %?[!9_P#/K#_WP*/L%G_SZP_]\K%% %?[!9_\^L/_? H^P6?
M_/K#_P!\K%% %?[!9_\^L/_ 'P*/L%G_P ^L/\ WP*L44 5_L%G_P ^L/\
MWP*/L%G_ ,^L/_? JQ10!7^P6?\ SZP_]\C[!9_\^L/_? JQ10!7^P6?_/K
M#_WP*/L%G_SZP_\ ? JQ10!7^P6?_/K#_P!\C[!9_\ /K#_ -\K%% %?[!
M9_\ /K#_ -\C[!9_P#/K#_WP*L44 5_L%G_ ,^L/_? H^P6?_/K#_WP*L44
M 5_L%G_SZP_]\C[!9_\^L/_ 'P*L44 5_L%G_SZP_\ ? H^P6?_ #ZP_P#?



C_]&O6W
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44


!?R\'@X/
_F]^<:_AVP?3Y-
M50PM''+?M+'N).Y3'&,\\]0?RH L?V%;_P#/WJ/_ ('2_P#Q5']A6_\ S]ZC
M_P!TO\ \56G10!SFHV$5A?Z D3S


$D




YC?$92
*=TA

(D(P/7/)Q6W8^'K'3Y8Y+;S0




MNIB=@YD)S(QQY@PP'/ ]AT[43:)8W%O!!.LLR0/N4R3
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ProvisionForRecoveryOfDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedExpensesTaxesAndOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NetProceedsFromSaleOfInvestmentShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncreaseInAccountsPayableForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DecreaseIncreaseInAccountsPayableForPurchaseOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionValueOfAssetsAcquiredAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionFixedAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionOtherAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeasesDisclosuresTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CustomerTransactionsPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsPolicy'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ExciseTaxesPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CustomerProgramCostsPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesForFinancialInstrumentsNotRecordedAtFairValueTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_ConeyIslandBusinessAndShmaltzBrewingCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedCompensationCostNonvestedAwardsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTreasuryStockByClassTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareDilutedByCommonClassTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=sam_ProductsAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfCustomersAccountedForMoreThanTenPercentOfAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfCustomersAccountedForMoreThanTenPercentOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_InternationalSalesPercentageOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGrossPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sam_SegmentOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sam_SegmentTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=sam_KegsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionBySupplierAxis=sam_DistributorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToSuppliers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCostOfOperatingRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ComponentsOfOtherOperatingCostAndExpenseGeneralAxis=sam_CustomersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=sam_KegsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_SupplierRebatesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseIncentiveReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_Kegs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OtherLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AccruedDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AccruedSalesAndMarketingCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AccruedFreightCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AllowanceForSalesReturnsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_SalesTaxPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AccruedPurchaseCommitmentCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_InterestCoverageRatioMinimumForCovenantCompliance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DebtToEarningsBeforeInterestTaxDepreciationAndAmortizationRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DebtToEarningsBeforeInterestTaxesDepreciationAmortizationRatioMaximumForCovenantCompliance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCovenantCompliance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DebtInstrumentInterestCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalTaxRateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=sam_IncomeTaxRefundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxReturnExaminationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxReturnExaminationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=sam_FederalIncomeTaxMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_LeaseExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PercentageOfProductionVolumes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=sam_OperatingLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=sam_BarleyAndWheatMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfSuppliers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_HopsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_GlassBottlesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_HopsBarleyAndWheatMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_ApplesAndOtherIngredientsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_AdvertisingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_OtherPurchaseCommitmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondAndThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthAndFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=sam_OperatingLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondAndThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthAndFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_HopsBarleyAndWheatMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondAndThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthAndFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_ApplesAndOtherIngredientsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_AdvertisingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondAndThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_GlassBottlesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_OtherPurchaseCommitmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondAndThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsEstimatedForfeitureRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeNumberOfSharesRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeSharesRepurchasedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAxis=sam_PerformanceBasedAwardsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=us-gaap_ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=sam_NonEmployeeDirectorStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=sam_NonEmployeeDirectorStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramAdditionalAuthorizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsPercentageAnnualExercisePriceAccretion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsContractualTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_VoluntaryPayrollDeductionPeriodToPurchaseInvestmentShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEmployeeInvestmentSharesPurchase'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsContractualTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardDiscountFromMarketPricePurchaseDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardRequiredTenureForParticipationInPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardDiscountFromMarketPricePurchaseDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEmployeeInvestmentSharesPurchase'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=sam_MarketBasedOptionAwardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAnnualVestingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityStrikePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWeightedAverageFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=sam_MarketBasedOptionAwardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAnnualVestingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityStrikePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAxis=sam_PerformanceBasedAwardsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExerciseFactor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsDiscountForPostvestingRestrictions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramNumberOfSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeNumberOfSharesRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeNumberOfSharesRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramAggregatePurchasePriceAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeSharesRepurchasedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeSharesRepurchasedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanUnfundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanBasisUsedToDetermineOverallExpectedLongTermRateOfReturnsOnAssetsAssumption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingPlanAssetsExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingPlanAssetsExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingPlanAssetsExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingPlanAssetsExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfDefinedBenefitPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanEmployeeContributionAge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedContributionPlanMatchingPercentOfCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedContributionPlanMatchingPercentOfCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfDefinedBenefitPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_MinimumNumberOfEmployeeWorkingHoursRequiredToBeEligibleToParticipateInFourZeroOneKPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredCustomaryEmploymentTimeForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanCoveragePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PostretirementMedicalBenefitsQualifyingAge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredCustomaryEmploymentTimeForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanServicePeriodOfEmployeesToBeEligibleToParticipateInRetirementPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PostretirementMedicalBenefitsQualifyingAge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetsAllocationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetsAllocationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetsAllocationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_WeightedAverageNumberOfBasicSharesOutstandingEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionNonvested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicIncludingNonvestedParticipatingSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesEffectOnBasicEarningsPerShareOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeAllocatedToEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionNonvested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_EarningsPerShareDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConvertibleSharesExchangeRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_EarningsPerShareDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_EarningsPerShareDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOtherIncreasesDecreasesInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsCurrentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=sam_DiscountAccrualMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForSalesReturnsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_QuarterlyFinancialInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfBarrelsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'


*LN_(%#A\TG*
D\\I&'VP

MD96AR

M1Y&5H\C*4605*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HL@H4626*K!)%5HDB


MCZZ\#JFL#C2B]AQ2U\=43'X

$%     @ O(122-XT5)*- @  $S$  !H


8^KGJ_MANG1E_C@=ZK';


M!0@G2Y2E!/GE($\)LM!

BM'+T5Z*T<



M0._(T3LO2/IK Z+

<ZXT!<X^*FU,:_

M0=^M


P--&5B/J9
Z4%_




M'V)Q@(LGZG.=Y5RN 
AW
$SYVO/$A3&49]O8,@:#Z0RK%)&CLTL]Z6]Y@3E
MIF!5+%EW




+^[/,1G\6U<Q?GQAMM34^94$$(+BHCZ_  V7[BV,URHG-P$-MLLU;<IQ#;
M:]NZL0:)(D-1=M+9^CR -J%3&[9D_C/%K#P?Y]?8U[3#BLWJ]/XEG#CX RO
M+]:K[!;IY.3HZ/R


0M2[PMK$VB


MQ[N=KPBF)(

MK\-1#JIO3W__]$ 9EG25^Z#[JJ9I1LV$ZN+ .7N?/[W0V:3:!!1&0E0%S;%U
M


M 'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+
M$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:X./Q






M5*^3*=@YG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+

ME+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4
MBK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#

U66VO;
M



MCCXZ0)_&:


RX7]YWVYL(NK4U5FNN')2IN?








M!LH0!TV0



=@CN(5E0A&

4Y2:
MU L
Q.AR;%\0W90M%&;L;IH3!#EE0&8

MBA2G#

M[;
%:XY6GB/M.4

M9TP@UCF%6[H:2\8VB]U*RF8F&;G[3&^K[S(F01TUX@[05#.[LR?Q])E$+:
MX;V]6K;9@J:ZLK)4Z-Z:IQ




M9(_U9J1*/-8K$?3RA2(&I


^'G^.


ML^C:@3RSB)_['K._CZ2CEW4

M2(%&1&_6G+AQGVD%O]*Z9L:_-BMXU2M@71D*U0(+_O9$.Z3D62RG^FH%=-
M133OY^C?QG3E\E\Q)QO:_6YWXBA7F\;1CNSQN1
O]/*=3#GD*N6=GS\C[9G
M+F@_4^*HQQ_ZV@[C]:*?9'B^0EP(L% +-/6@BH(4 /B=D$R&[$L9
$IW*



C46:D/<&!Y
M'ZXRD*I?@)I[! #3X@DPN+PZ6L JJ]]#J!K7VA:$P&?L3839C96D:
TX*2

MR^S20SZ






A/H !5/$!LE%A@L]


H8X

=/9RFO!M/I
GN.PE!E2D/++_ X]1!JMV+U4[LE2(R*F%88@10I2

MS
 +(8H4HB&0KJU+Z8A6,ONXG-?A\J*%A@B%&D&-4\1I$B\A?+(R7W50 R




P3]S*F-

 CJT3_[1PO0K+Z
M9G&=FGR8L6SZL3-7PGBPS1OP8
!W _(?&KS!X$T
P)#U=7TEDJ0)9YTC6J*?
M-MHI.==!5&1']-&XN5VJ
4V2VPOL, E3^60A\
M@_ -!+8A@G&*R$ 826,@?'].D]D:Y#_!X4TX/+L.N.[W)W[?KB,<,VY-';[%
M#<0S8FR1=$B23 A6R2:)PD-2!?4=Q!/5G3I@]%X2A1.BT;:SA*%5J+8

O&#^@8^%(1H)

?^=@'TS7X6![J_N_L\:5NRN(2
I\5

87P C $0&Z#& '4-D
F[ 7H
T&\!^MT 
P:8(& Q]+T?
MN31KLM6R*L^S^I1U^21O6WG5-=*V/*O[UJIA0MJQJ]NKKRLKEHO7KIU1 KUD

MM-TZ58YY-$6\?)-EAFO;+?.Q:!ZXU=JWH;9+!M4:W2;04:=*B4II-()(


U+3&E7$P+(30DIH;C

-!)3W):

<*B6JY:<



M3%2^0*;YJK\)6Q
ZPG9XB@(
*


9$* Y7/8DQQV)J)BJ! H
M@,EYNRD9+ *%#F$1&Q]5%AI%:FT/!T4K;03=%TTD[00=%*&T


MN:AEY3Z_K



:

=^9\A


10_+R\[H[]Z_GRGR0<PN0 & +@%J#4PP < O 6 /'#

MK'JR\KI+8C-/FCY;?9ER.SN-_?;'0H4P#WYTB08-])J


OA0&2(*6#F
M%7S3'7I/$H0[#4-*]
MN#IM';LZKR%DAM UI-A EY 


04)-7:K_)ZB9B7B
R5$A=/
MY)8/8=2:
52):
M\8J\5A)F)2%6M%BWQ%VW*HUB$-WD3&=&363*#*7$D'@C9:D[$*11(LIR(A/G



M_8AD-J(9*8X/1?@A+^1
$3 8L80KK\AOAJ-#47;(

HR#2)Y4ES=3/.5-MQG-!ND
MJ-

-:B;/U YO?#H:

M+@]LYT#QV2@G


M$70LZG*N&S6KP
D!E!PR[8 0P;8CL6NM'\C\AC@V@&)#1AFX3$ _RHANAB-1

H!+#TZSZ[WOPB--M-RUU@]D?C\<,4 1(RZG
M#%PP0!P;+3X6Y$2'ED2C%A,G%@%PCEPUV+\ ?5*YKR97)U+O+-&)O!QPS

O60L

H$VN1P_F=T-=-B'#
&0\G$5(2




M/ZHM_@-02P

3)@&M

M
F;# )5PIAW3KZ+_#L


+L99D1@H[Y8@@1S.IG0R5*!_101)TN0PQ22




O\_1?[L
MZ?_4+957A__



580HEV *GS
V;


L@LH^T1D[$@O(I


4YV?X)2
MVF(






=?K&R/[*0/).

B1VXOH*54QF0Z=3.0&CX49-





MM(:X?K@S:.(



M
F;K'A2W%SB ]CLM&L6=3TW'[& -Y&D),NS[)HI+C2MREA[-%6)HY-PZ
A


MKPGY3

MHF3'(#1C$F5_AED1S*M_V2*GY_3\A)[_GUXL]

M


P$/T5RQ]0




M/]




$%     @
MO(122'7F\8*6 0  ;@



.-CD^8A)0Z'9;K77ZSZ




%@)
M\;#[[:3Q

:-YL!^#(AY+:;FGG7+]A
=3;3S


Z9X[$I)S3/M@=P
MY$5);8^T=VXX
&;K'A2W5SB ]CLM&L6=3TW'[& -Y&D)NR[(8I+C2MREA[

M!40$_!(PV4U




$%     @ O(12






MOZ0:K$






M2P




H%




_=<6
M.3VEYT?T_'_Z<J*?)X?+OQPFS/84<_&C3L:B0+3QINWI
)!NS21N3H_KNL\
MCO0;7A8];^&1FU9H2W;H_


M:&5E='
5O4;O.
MF\THJ:'A@W1O.+[ =(2[(%BAM/%+JL$Z5#.%$L4_TBIT7
=I9SW1OB?D$R%?

M)
K^K,@F%?_MD5.K^GY!3W_/WT]TV^3P_6_';

K.TT\/?XDH06(?8EGAF?<^9X[!0CFC?; 3CRKJ2V
M6]HYUV\8LU4'BMLS[$'[G0:-XLZGIF6V-\#K2%*2Y5EVP107FI9%K#V9LL#!
M2:'AR1 [*,7-QPXDCENZHG/A6;2=P56%FSAU4*!M@(U






HNQ/

+L3S%7V
MK0D[&HDT\:;MZ30;LTD:6Z/*Z;/([TUX6/6_AD9M6:$OVZ/S%QDVB Z\







M+GAM;(53VVZC


MLX
!WD22DJS(LA]

M8%7)5EXC%&@K4!

M7X[P %(&(=_X8];\:AF(I_&B_A1/Z]T?N(4'E+]%XWIO-J.D@9:/TKWA] SS

MO?YDU5]02P

M971S+W-H965T

P$/T5RQ\0$]*T5420FJZJW8=*51]VGQT8


5MUH+A=

^R6Z:XT+0L8NW%E 4.3@H-+X;802EN_AY
+X$Z8C;(-@A=+&+ZD&ZU#-%$H4_TBKT'$=T\Y-/M&^)N03(5\(
M]UDTGAI%FS^XXV5A<2VY^'MUCL/-T'$*Q
;U4PZO3=J??54KN^W!3L%H0F3

U


MT)8<T?F'B;?8(#KP)K+5EI+.C_^22&A<
M.]\;-)$I
1A/\_W\I.5_P!02P


P$/T5RQ^ TW0+W2J-




$%     @ O(122(*Y


M$/P5RQ^ DPPL



*%;31:-IT;1Y@-WOH-3L0./-Q=OO5P
M$T2\


MH2TYH/

$





0FC&)LC_#K CFU;]L


M:&5E='

M7AC BNTAMEG2OZ\O0':C*'G!

_C1?TAGM:[/W(+=RC_BL;U
MWFQ&20

MOA*^9]%X:A1MWG/'J]+@1.S P]UM=AYN@HA7)C:JF71Z;]3ZZJG:_A*=@I
M





\=C4XQHWFP'X
B'






M

H*P0

M[!0CFC?; 3CRKJ2V6]HYUV\8LU4'BMLS[$'[G0:-XLZGIF6V-\#K2%*2Y5EV
MP107FI9%K#V9LL#!2:'AR1 [*




M-RYX;6R-5\%NXC 0_94H']#$DQ@I%*5ZO=PTI5#[MG%PQ$36+6-J7[]VLG
MD&9&1OA$O/FO3$S;W#*LU3O^B$B3[;IM.K^&#
\3%)].8@6JX?Y%%T]IN=

M&+.\+[(@(HLI ?
7'F
K\D(DM$X\\Q@04GJ5$Q8V'86_] 044'O&J Y#


&#(Z7CW1 HV@WH.
 D-
SYM4AH(!_3J#C )#3L\RO@T$!

 D-7S


*J2B-1$(*'E1 /
MN\]N



H4?PCK4+'=4P[NWRB?4_(

?+PN!(;
F&-&\



5QI%_PLNAY[^Y:86V


P



U#<WN$ VN^T:!1W/C4=
MLX,!WD22DBS/LGNFN-T*F/MU50ECDX*#:^&V%$I;OZ<0.)TI#NZ%-Y$U[M0
M8%7)5EXC%&@K4!



[=[PJ



M:&5E='






^19S_T\3MAF) M/%



R+GAM;(53VVZC

MV;8106JZJG8?5JKZT#X[

M%3JN8]K9WDZT[PGY1








M='

M4Q2[,@



2T85
9-#W:N


M]HS9N@?%[14.H/U.BT9QYU/3




\1)S_:D)



V+GAM;(53V4ZL
!A^

%

M %CT*;@T1]Q8VQX(
44#@IH;U8)T?RJE!;6NU#4QK09:!I+@)$V2+1&429QG

)+QJ93@BJ_Y^ J_Z(5WALO+*ZL;Y!\HQ
O)()D(8IB3141WRW
M.IS6'A$ ;PQZ

M\U']




MNTP8

M:&5E='

MN+W#'K3_TZ!1W/G4M
SV!G@=24JR/
L^

L0.2G'S

?X[91/N8D$^$

M

#:(#


X+GAM;(U4S6ZC
M



5]D8PXU3:


0+G



]H[ XZJ)@WGTMTT.Y.#
M(QLFKB8;_3DN# Y.@*[51

MPRA


$%     @ O(122$W\:$BI 0  U0
  !D

M'&EC;7=@S!0-*&YNL(/6_:E0*VY=JFMF.@V\#0E69HD=TQQT=(\[57G6?8


I[4G\-N


\!DHQ&#E
DJ2@Z1HAQVSQYHP(H?


S$'U_Q-P-1[Q
M#L^%-]9VUA=(69%5S
!TC ED8;FB.]WAU/N$0'PA\%H5C'RWL]*O?ODN3[B




M
!#\%8(?$

M&JQ#-5

M/-P$$:]

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#0R+GAM;(53VVZC,!#]%<L?4 -)MZN((#5=5;L/*U5]:)\=&,*[:&V
FG-<; _@R+N2VNYI[]RP8\S6/2AN;W  [7=:
M-(H[GYJ.V<$ ;R))259DV0^FN-T*F/MR50ECDX*#4^&V%$I;CX.('':TYS.




MO/JW+0IZ32]6].+_]
U



MHOPE6C=XLQDE+71\DNX9YV^P'.$0!!N4-GY)
UF':J50HOAK6H6.ZYQVRL\+


H+:AUJ6Z)Z370.I $)UF2'(B@



ENIRO1^S

&G15UEV-

=&*0O.1/+@7'3N 2X)A\;Z




M;*/#(HXZS$DG







C/9 =4#WV$3S#T.9-P4





=;


:Z^R+
1%UU7+7V6@+DW#Y+\M


)O/?&^EG3AMX/Y[8OP]VC?P=4_Q%
MU'^J@SX;M7$8'/B176K])OH?_.8AM81[4:OA-]A?E!;-%!(&#?L8KU4[7/OQ


/

+5@QVBH%Z;
8XA6[3Q6[A



B?C)?\MFT]?.DYD=MAYD9R['1'2=:=%/?


!2&7P6Q[P VV#@B2!.JJEU4&LVB73N)
M$]  IK83IF]?FTMJD!4V^
)__O
=&^RLY^)#EHPI[[.I6[GW2Z6Z71#(4\D:


WG^3VD[?[L_FVH5M,?
MJ60%KW]79U5JV-#WSNQ;[5ZY_UW-I60&





5A7%$MF'P@8O8* 3!EMIO@!
4B?
0H7B&S#IN8U(9Q9CFD=LDH1L[E


MA%)(PIR3EB







H6A?DV

;A
M


!&7P7Q (L/@$B2+M457M1:;47[;63

FBN2^



BI\-

I#
M(

M@!GVRBI;1G0'P7T:LJ(A#@WQTA;)D__T1I'%8,4WX?)5C9 Y-Y83([#0+8
MBUS9*I)E#ZRG?
62.RRYER6WLJ10OYRQ%\:6)0G.R0
&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#4P+GAM;(U4RV[;,!#\%4(?$.II.88LP \$Z:% D$-[
MINVU)80459*VTK\O'Y),&6K:B\A=SLS.$M06'1<?L@)0Z)/11JZ#2JEVA;$\
M5L(?.(M-/KDS 4C2H?B@F4K@)PLB5$<A^$,U(W05G8W)LHWY5M&[@32!Y


)-.KFHASYRUZG#-!:3)FD8SJ%V/BI)

M8G]OB8[\VBCW8L;L.$$VL7G5#_FMGBQN$-QERJ(E%_A.Q*5N)#IPI?\9^\#/

M;YLP%/XK%C^@)A!(%Q&DIM.T/4RJ^K ].W  J[XPVX3NW\\7H%!%RPNV#]_M
MB&.*4:HWW0$8]


MCG/
1516?C:BRH+.1A&!;PHI ?.B?I[!B;'4[2+YL(K;3OCK@L\


MHFK01O*9$B%.WL-*A5_'\9/)]IM0C(1DH60A.#!R,?\2@PIR5'I'OBOMWN



W-QJ

M-T_V0G9


[Y)
@
0I8 SQ=A]@4X\SO/[
M!F@VP*



ML I0*@\E.N%UY:) $EVZVA5!#.%]%) '++8$.S#1[V




HB
MFN).=8L[5I

B=5;F8*XB&Z2
M:
1 A=G-


(-T8((OUST


MK='










O/
MO1IW_7ETO@:LD3F9%N

&5QH@?VFXI#T\O@C2M][@V'U)YSQ;0_
M\*0WF*.^P

M



M

KD2^L?8G'I80
/&W@F 0!'=!^*T@
M' 3A0@#[I70;<4 292EG+1 -TJ?#VRB<:Q/E#$3GQOO]55LAU.PM\
PA3=M



9G]++PW.P/VBYD

MMA;
/-YXS=O6.IG
OR?3CYPVT!U?W+\.VS7X+TSQ6K2_FJT^&%J0)EN^8Z=6

\OJ%@HL'HD 70
@_F]

M:S1IT*!9NQH44]2N(L=7268 HA3H0C%.'Y%'

@OQC@T2#W# H?LARW
6KZ
%4A493
MR8+RBD917!$NYIPP5(^P^A,(IWRPP%$45X0H);=1R@E]*I21E%*KRJ8
M@BB+IX(45[=A: !#/9AH]=?427
'01X]R#I0S8&I IC*@ZFB
)6[9X1Q_)0\



MW8FTF#_0


P^0 X!$#?@&0(2*8 D/XW(!T4B<@TE;ZC=A@@:N2T6O
MSU@=#_ HX4R12.: ]VQ






MWJDAJ.4-;0%#YYVS][=EIA :\*M!/;?&0&4_4OJN)C]..\=3$1!&E5 *4-YN




:8+16:AA(L?




M!1ILH+-Y
FW8U2+0Z)
4X-ON8%&D4Q0;VR:;LGFV;1;W \$Q$.QS10
@#L/[

B4VDU-.M
^ )2[F('&@
MG09FMQJ@JH&;S6;











6
36[=&)Z)
M2TQD\U\5@;

LJ3

CY[9#%X3%!&UD-/N59[6PFCQQ+*R'KP24D9
M6 P?DP3(F8M?(DECA_%CBH Y\P#
*/PP3!+:!/07-(9QD6\E$E3#/$R)
0

(:04MR2?D )


J@\H80JY1R&C

M#/)71Z/(.0


Y_CQIC.'\]\2E_]&5G\!4$L#!!0    ( +R$4DCH:4];OP$  
($   9

!#]%8L/J+D'102I

MJTW0:3VL

:1.


&?Z




MCQVM#5Q:$:.
E%.3?ERF
V6JQS*+5P4^6J$1$SO
_1(37T)42T22SA!L#%QT
M$4\N?'H7G[CX=5T@F012+Y L!9+PU.2M;\-C.H=)L]4E3+7$9%%RW4AZ9B0]
M
1)=%\C.1I']=!3YF8/\&Z/(OS&*_
M1X

M%MHMO5]N=F5$)




V

M5I1TX1W/A8+6Q^E=F-M\M;GPV$\/=?Y;ZD]02P
$%     @ O(122)5WKCWD



(WJEYY_XT
6\B
X(53:9_!
MY2859R




S#1DS


MGYH_#S\6Q]=#M7XZ-]IM%UHIO]BM-_NKV^OS9[\?;J_KGZ?M9E_]?I@=?^YV

M6\P9\J]-]7;




HEFSXL+I?N'


_8YJH

X
\&!2+
MSO+90#J:N=:?CQ/8.$;A\C@..$R3LC=Z+U32I5P#X++HS@5CDN&(HY;M3P
MR R/L$ LCEPP]SG&4BQA'@28U1AFU-C$C$VYL4X5C44
%8T58%9CF%%C23%K

MW4?V$P1/)YV YA. 2




#PDZR9?I0=G&6!KCZ48N97D_/PDHZ)

-
6DXB


Y_3T*OY6&_? 47G[ZP;,!)HGE@X#/18ZL
M=RN=!ZH'06R[KG2^<E*YSEC?9+L8;P]?PML-^= )/MSL E,0#_HV!.@4MB
MFR)@5







LH1PE-*E!C8$]D@J

M$/%H6/


&$ML9*-+$!UZ$











;



G5
CFU*U+G%U

M.EL1;/BIDV/'=QF]=
^W
+2


$%     @ O(122$^&

[MN2?M




$]

$%     @ O(122$[?


K^A.QOM?N#A

YSIMQ!^
M;0!' ST]0*-0B1E2

M!?$ 8V/N$4%JIJK:1:71+-JU$TQ 8SUG3!]^_HUD9(-OYYSOMXQ=C(Q_



'V

A2

M0N$N)'

(8+C[D^4.(\^38$
!SNT;\)7\Q/S:]L([
ZDNLKEU

[^'R*)?_ %!+ P04     \










MG*3B_8421SW]L/=V&.]G^P3E$RU
R=/A
R_4!3 3P28!?$N!$@ M8D
9

3

M:2L\[_BV0+D(OO0$%J4H;/E8Q6D!2B#L'7I58P@IQ8.K/%@F! (;KLF]?D


_E-&&GP9E/['SZMQS'\?.M%A_
KUX; ^?
G5U
MI'OVBXI].\CHE2O=9

6TP_:;?X(/^6Y@G'=LI

M _
_2?T?4$L#!!0    ( +R$4D@/'

%JL5_V]


M$26
$B.1&$EA8)0Y:3!;
SM;
M[ B2P) DX6RI* V)MD2D%&=S@5A)0DS*R2?!*4EF3PEV#TF(26%O8


$$$0
JA5 I



_P2@:RP%K6C6V/RV(


'$8

MEF J;- /$2G#8

$ 4?L(@(M83AD5 +04TO)1 %(QXRQ$]?BCZ

[NQ_;=TJRWY4BGT5
3JR1=0M
M05UR)@Q1M[-1MXBZ33D($I'DO+1%U!U!788+-1$9SEM3AZ@[P?CU0
3Q@Q0[
M@I5D[!T=OO)TLU]Y.B3&:4:A)B)6H7;89AWIH))11!R^\G2S7WDZ)
8Y3K;N
MMVMH.3G/*GSUTA\

^O5.7OQ
F^]K-<#4<) X737F^


M?4U:+!Y83SKUY\AXBZ4:\A
0/2?X



9-NM3.A)J]E!G*W#11E:#1LV3JT%+BLI5Q,E5 A3 (@6:*!)#@9SX
M=)W=-H@G S-\C%V##-XV2#RQ


M-H.);QNLO2)9_V^1Y!Y!?L?)Y


$%     @ O(122/\WBNK= 0  Q04  !D











=OO?Z3L:
&6T Q@!\#2)C$!T-
PDXK0-&[AQ@V9
SW(*C





MS2 




AXS7TQR9H_(9/GCDQ


$%     @
MO(122'MT16Z? 0  N 


MEC-8M$
N-KFC1_A']9%)@_;*NO


MYF+WFMCRH8:#!W \\_;+03AJ;=O1WL2@?-W]HVY)#;-S6?VL]THUWN\\*^K[

I_U







0532L3XE.)0HD)

((1IC*^P)A$.3@6AD_P0PF)
MYA0ZBF
UNFQ-+0]2M?;LP:TM-&A40K8@4P'A(F,P!6ABI_5 J2T<-B\1MJ4N-:3+
MB],(W7E7%L:(P+ $8HP$D8MP9@L'IS'GN'!FEOP5U81N&2382Y%2@-;;W!C


N:-N5]:H(25NK!;MY_8-G*VAQY&.^%FBY'N+6Y^

!7$OB$T%22](




M]X ;



/7KG&Z
DW:BN$Z+/O2S[M1ST&]2

AO!.B3PG12(A6!$^7H@ZB1!SE&26#PWHDNP-L!9Q*
M$:'L
*5&]?F*HV B^I[#-
Z\=RDT8@*%.9@8

MD0U2FA#X!1/A9+4=8:+.I/' M$DH+?[:$ ER:AKE1C.H5Y B 
;:AB@8J

MW&ZL;A



!#]*Q;WKOD*V40$*2&JVD.E
MU1[:LY-






0?$N*.$
\(V+5B+^)(%


H\
1&%_

EG:D )^$5%4M40GKO3?8I_VE7
%


M











MN4]]Y:B^

24F4?K

O=DRLQ1A.:
&UL



MFA77QS$=WR[\.+T?Z^9-)M&=[O#*4_/U:DXC\KT[7'\C3[L*6F0EOAY2J^5
M=SQJDG\IBE_-R?;P.9-#FF6OM:-B\1^?:;S-
L:3S;R/YW3KYB-H7]\\[YJ
MEVO3?TFJ=%YD?Y\.]=%F2\:C0_J6?&3UC^*Z2;LUB

M

*8)60TQJP@8S!F#1A*
&8#&8HQ
M6\C@]84

0W#['S$ 
/@4;2]8-CSBUC



E8:P_8^
MI@Q79

D12E5D%J

6SO8[:_#&
#




.TD-GXI
M)^$FZZY#[%)VP.6D H[ ('+6&X\!;NH!6$8HE!ZR GBD$;Z
F@J]OZ$)E(

P3.@Y$2B








9-\C8[M)^3
M/7'_Z3^=7-O[HEYGV^1?\ZQ*WL


+%


M5T]QQWWXN9_=Q&+G'N0^
.KC$X_5+)VRX^$...2?V[IHY^





1Q.#B5#=
I*F73_)WN$_W4.





M&8)&?LH2MB;IY4POFXQ)9Y_AZ0K]_-9VMB['FU,%:#S0NGT(LD.0O;%9WM

U+\:9MC^2F00--[S[:

<ZQ^[Q



C=5@7C
NL&ZK





/@
5U[(I/OXIO
W8+[J=Z+!=
M9W[].@Q(T1HHK^*_@ #U/


MJNFSXM)TV79=@I8(UXSM?A#F=U5YO 4]Z4 O_;POO(+%G!Z_GJ/O(-^X MV%
M^TP


M2X P






W-
M17.#%]=@3A:XMTCZ]2%5AG /=^RKT
M-5DCH=A#=65 QFL8'GGF)9C;\F^@W

M'P_(^NZ!PH'S 0L35X_XX 9FY_G*/53% 9Z%=X&MWF9XGWDZNA\NNSG@B:-@

M0_[3$78@!97X *H'

MKGT!.D)1?P9=3T5DB^7YS0;:DVL:J3R'$N508^PUCPW2_;
G6)&=-)#8K#&+
]7!T8
M6BX2P#IJ</<N;W$IJ4B+2Y$6J&*X6R39/7.W6XIGPW&!#$4BM^+'TTPLE +

M5N6$/?H$-+DFS$XKS7C$\6HT?-YB8DD!1%M6-5IY S 



YE/V
M'$7]]2JO
7WK+I-T8)CI!\-


MP6AQUF@1CUVUH4
EOAZVU'@JKI#





YARG20*I0NQZMEA:.


M_\*K5422B90]2
P%Z _MF.XML..+'17?5Q*+Y*Z00Z-[.F@P_1/

M.9L.AG#NVRV

O1U!%0ASIHX\CO=
XDFM$

21-K^7:2P@E8;$D62<ZG)&211)DQ1S\!AGJL57/'
MU'O

9J_

C1=;0MON0^]D SVC[:])-:(HSUM^Z?

-2WOS1

V

M0\$C 






 6(6
M761Z&9=^[4YF*S$O[^ BF2H
KC
:W-SJ1.(


2U*R4M^@ZX.
MH[4




M#?.65X6/D


@S\H&J_5RI8;$
M4$D8_)T['U]TA#6\)0R?V+-CZ,CYH)1BCT$VS=RJO&_MD-\^^NIPJX0L
63

Y8^8:$3UK(FMF$:'T79\<':(#


M;+1QSW#0;?9 ^X$WJ:8HL.MB0P
*F4O!B.:SU+PI2+9*
69S:)04G;*\T[


B(NI5CD<BAN*/=[=]A 22I9J7AEMDXN'/WC#LJ@X2DI6*3#I

&


P*WR5'2L%)&NDH(R\*







3
%Q;I^%EM',$A=0(L-TA7X&?.I(/0:?.QC1+A/^<A
MK






A

YA^?O'PCC)TRT\


M__)_&-K1/6V8]Q'Q]!.#0/

%2O!HDT&EB][L
MV'2A!/U\0U)W


M^O='#[L 69 ;R[);O$[7+&_J\J-H:+;Z)I,SQ?,:@HCIN]J%@R(L&0!\HF

$;J
M!8HT+?PL;!6&I#;H:J3:?RXBJ#.

M-8G45]#X8]9E1-)S^%9?J7+;XW'D4XX-BXT40E'BV[-/F6UM2[ID)VN&M&
M5?* R
;N'JKZ8N.0PSRLU_H(S]EH;NPHRI];1%


GG0
M#IV$(T?+-!H:=4(&S731%U]15'F'
#GD-$0%DUZVW$/P$_%68L9-!H+A@)J^
&[$_


P%+^2?&





M4\@2 BMQ?P-89U_!%:2!JLXI%#WP9=@ 81C(3!H8O4FMR4\M21J\G#20HR



M_[VGT[-D.DY'XPG\
%FEL\G

?S43(:
MIHO5Q
U6\*]A

:
XMV!S/(2G
ME\MD!&N:CH9PZ%-0U5;C.6T$
]\%5F0WNFS.=61)VED)X2\*ZVFN$G.IL;+



MT*\FLXF?EV::S.L1B#8QSAL&



-^&[[SZ\_O$GFI8[!\DS_Z83SO4]O98)\/!=/9-HY:#LRTR='SL

3$\9!+OC&N4
ML

M



*70VO2@\&2CND\#WEB1 D
ML#C





M-1]QX#]XG5J$/+WMKG


=#&=K7#
[3Y7,+ZW@_#29#*7


X7(PHY
MX?.PCQ
D8
PBZ7WA+#D'_C

MO=2MGKQJR#87[4$


D!(M[.
MIQ


MVH0NI[S17XZUL5LY 0SM.'9N[?.H97N27:






M+H93^4\T[N\CH@#+%#

T[G\RF&PT=H$*]F
PR*@Q&L

3&)MS#X3C?#=L2KY 7+WO$4@;VHN
M4XIZ&L,T@;M@,6O2)O=G=OB_JL=6CHQK9P!48RU:6M'7/Y5.@FR=ZP4].,-
M82%W2EM,51#@4FEBL\;**QG&7-H]FZ+LJ0Y+$(12/!?3'2N:1P0;A[7^OFF/
MN#NWCVU@LA,D$FZVXYO-D9 '3.7^A4 B.(O3)RGKRQY-02FA=K8%+!M:Y\R

:&!FMW5-JW[W *B*H[P=_909)W8M?582X]6*_Q
M/?M2?L[(T/:H]4:\+



*<P0:7TE=5'+C+A&)[ BC6+F<N#IUJ[10*?3'_YZFU)U(]-BKEM:&A=
M'Z
L^XX







!:DJ]5Q0IE=

;DBOA/QY*5K!2N#XX&HB;&-P?)?FHL$$8

MK]T67V1N=\7M74X:*ZV:[@

MWYCPN3O_CM8RLB=57_A48UYP8P+E-1(JI0;+_LLHDWB4@?OK7_[O1#^ #A_]

#8+&!L




(-;C2883
M8HMI.\;

MR9T4WO$O6Q^37(5?_['Y
EU.YXV/\2];*O&Z^?J6J^JRZY(;.'+1)I##/G\4


-TWUC0$U;Q5N5O*A


^_JNI)5080-?)XBZ#OC%YHO?#Y)GO^NZZGF8
M(+H*?;B

&VJ+XY9N@LY3_M*X38
M^XW]3+VAI

MZXS2HO78J.W0RH%_[#%K%@BL:R*IP]HNWSP RZ1#@H^
@&]+D
0NR

MS4JK5GEG\@I]&Y(P\V-UF^U-$]@H7H1U77+_@.0V@:7!QII!DM.#;
*:J.JR
MJAVU E3ZIA6B-D?5C18W@^L!:0*YY!E(P5E^H5CX6K/IWR OFY46C6KMR&O+
M/-AU;9TAZM=MHB9;L4'6D?_?T6_QJ)'


#Y

MH;-.3TV[H_
S^[E+JH*@:$*'K(SD0/T(^\W90=P9F:$2!&( 7_4E)T)=W*-8
M_7^R=4HI4A 1$+


*V@V8Q]!K8

M2!2Q/T:I/)O.!\LA+L_1^&E('YDA_MUPT7'
[6-RSSDFU8-5ZO5UG%@
X;OM


M^'Q5HE


=PQX3RQ[=
M
IT

C8^'^/ZV0N4A#K;:VT?;3.



MH)(7C-\8=UOLL-1Z#O
#:F-Q
MCJ*)=/
127_HX1?J03;Y4Q8$0
38OV@/M_#3*[$-??&9^[&O=%:ABT;I9#DD

B]4YU
=G/UW7B%D/



M;8QTH1:74.[^V60QF
]
2TKE.'&'E':KDWZY([2HX$7L8SY;#
U'/!Y /
=!
M\NK96&II
IV-T\EHI9HL/@4
 +TE#6TC4IY4\[=7L '2I[4%]I*J.MAQ5YVD

%M)KY=?/P)'#Y&R
+8NF=@8_Y3=B
M3D8)ZYR8S2@$6F3?I#1T

M$PUFDY
-9MVS&LPFIQK
NF:#60]:\




MWK\BK-
X0SY[1@\P9_#P0XG(V:$.#TW^%LVCFR1( $XI4SF2KN^^+'0R X

MQ]FJ \MW09ALZ70X0B]S:
$//S5U9MD,6J83T?J()? Y BF\G:40:-Y

M%PA_YBWR^8-*#W4D.=3CJB\;N6Q




60ZF0[&


MMJ8A;\BVRK
C474ZXH/B2<$FCY9X^M(/DM;!\#=Q<V#;3UPY!%'

M$R!-6&+^)
0P;.0W1F/V ?0/EMOQAH%IMREW$5A@MTI9&]Q^S1=P.FRQ1B





(?O?)0X(GRY68;6?)*EW-1Q24E'B9
MA!I]R/.)C5
Q9EIYA9PACMJ[IY.53A7^?.M^\+E(JE72A(7@.F.



2ED
1G![JS05^-(9(0-J9%:T\5XB2_-
MEK/^


E?@I=
M83%7@K/R/J(B;?[R6CH1XA/-D7X8)+]J

MB\

-D;8X!



M_'?G
]N






K5]^5R(=&J7O/
<_+H%T_WH6 _N
M16BE]6Y_Q<HQPQTF?MXZ
Q*QD-N@QGF:DF%$JY#.9EGT)P$AWXW#^S3YM*-
M$+6S7+I)50WVG'2P9_=\]IPTV;



(5S(+


*L4:SEK)9@;NOD$SIY9/KA)JJ*
MO


SR&'/?V%.;





M%84[WR0WV:[@AK[X 1

W$.H86&=1:J*5TX90



[?.#L&87JGQENCAH;RDMC^2X?GM

)ZLQPFJ;[B)A


;]&UXYY/_57J=(I_J;!7 _3]R \O
L.^U4
@H1ED)_1]B

M_L]&\][]1^%' N1E^[\B&_\%9S!
Q[



M_5%'%\XXXKI
.PZYU?#NE0DV_7BXDRSB$%8X_ZZLZPM16)_5K?XCG/-+!G7V
M:4ZTCB

M'

=@5TV'\3@H-Z7*A;\1SJ'H&
Z/YO
+A(PT#NGK84H
M



S^:



D[9X/
A?J&=H



MKM





QBEL_'
'T
Z


MQNF4ZF876
?






EW
%\EH
MMDB'Y

M=//OM T@.#$]V@K:YQ +EG&B.
:\*4I\( CH.H :$\VUAXYGM/L4Z4V]HJ




M-#?J7 9**$/BH)O/9ZB$%%8+R=W9RTEW@J8-Q(/5OAOZ1M+:;V@6V+;$ULT
M';XGC*=7^UR3 $5:X_&Y&9N6H_*8:D'+E2 %R+H$;@G5N; P67.U -MAI

E!/E0YY42LP1X#


;$)N;


M/D

PKJU
M
M72#(E
.@HD3.%7$16([M\E=^4#JO)I1*I%[;3^2]J*L'H6G^KVUQT3
PB
MA:&S ^N9[5I


:ZDNS%F:?%-'
M57?XIHN'IUVD87YYGSUZC4IBJ*&%2A^QM4J)Y;H;?(^^= (HD:4(2%! /0
M60.0([H@;HF*2)$+34^KND:PJ7<-=1/]X_^KJ-0%^=#[WQE18T^.OKM[0



M


IB00RZS=:=0;\




/A[M43P/+

Q?-


-A
M :T#^Z;8P76.?:ML= '/CBU\VZ/K7B;
F&4




M:*^PI&&]-9E:O$N#!&?M!'@EK#OZ8*




M]WB'5T+W5
@BW_@B0P=#
X85][)%B](7V\87=W=*QW%LPIRJPFT./E VK(

!2=L<G?N@/[T7*X]1U^
M#66SZT$#B'GJ)M=<7/R$GP0YD#LFD;+S-'ER:YR6P]ERK(U5]K!_T3!H[RD

MA6V6A-74HV7?=J?LVFB39
E*DFL((D3Z-789_68\LV?=&IWU)*F?ZMO)EO'V



M)H)]3B9^(DT*_@Z1V]!8W22$/M8R:UH/./
;M68K&^8WFGR7%E]T6H)?5'R

X5-KT


OYH9EN$741V\)Y/#7D.M1=AI?M+D3_X/
]H

NUPT?(S2]*)$6
[H--GAVX
MP1[Q[[DS;9/VDO7I\Z)R[0NRGXZB/!W;*4?#LS' O&P

O5&_


(0E85YS3/_&QPV:





M
7;JOH#Y@WZ[[F6VTHLM# +#
.8XA%)JGT:&Q7W(^:EH-;+<VEVIVH3.\'I6IGED9%OUZ\PG20[_F\
MN5HR11&V ]6A6K^IDO[=G44'A<BTQ


*
B[RU)9U_DK*=GX+@?
8C4;VK/R/-=Z LB#39







0^2;A.4&?+LP'RYTEE


MU;



M+K@S+S#M6ON
[U7/1=HQ7*?5

MW:#^8 TR:)_6G9Y!%RM!/KZG)WAE%PO9)T5A:2!Y:TAFUD#RPBR8L/.*/I$?









8YLD0;MU[*MWWK43Z;63^
6 -(]ZVTW**+'MO'J@

MM36_PB0U2B-!

M3:


_H]1B'1%Y:'89%+!DN5(.3[OPSK
09?7N:=MJ)MW]3*!F
M.;V

Y\*9)_7@BO\'M%6TY6$Y;^





M(%+O%.K3D[C
DRQ'N/RB2ZJBBO[6@V5JD[:IXX8@_5_+0 Y'O]LDKS-D)VFZ

._
H-?@BU1)+[


!FK.$1I+ Q Y%\NJH6



M2V=V
3:^OH2%H?.%L$L'
E

 *YX?DYMRZ'4WJ6QD_M

 DR;&*F55)UC+:[S(#=23Y#+LD3C#O1
M#U2BSQ0NJH,X]H769!$.AONO!.$*7DFMEXZ:^G_;%9%13VK\&T::)Y^P&_3
M-Y$8[S_O+(-=*N8H'@9$^_V
J?24ZX7.46

D@I?VI$0U%VX:ED<X8)_71J 1
M5[UPS+DJ3$\4Z9J$+S?KM53D14Q?:Y$'HWTJ'E2:Q8WM(0HN9H
C5S\+6B9V
M.#A3:F2PJ\&*?R/83*W43GF(




1ORD





(^ZDMG-9$:7
N$DV4_Q;W



/_R!9$Y]LOH?8C52&+/94G1IF0ZP'*O9D43?8=Y
M-O#('*





MYU^IE7I;7DH05VAVHM:G=51EI?70IAM1MS$\J0)\R_42/'?H9BJQ5'3'M
M+)U+EID$:$2_G27*4

)
RS?I+2$J%6$D%HTS@(' G9&Y%
MCW'+$I23CAKU-)DJM? \3:4(^M(#(RDR12:&Q#


MPXAW+GW*_RE))VCM0#*D5(VS([\A?X*V^!-Q89&C &U 
++WIRAU!+(=\=O2


:

NB630'U//KA
M0/

M#WA2EK4)L&W(23UY2BN
I571/Y\_FN]ECG!'(Y%C8E'=U3!9&8Q.AR=Q1)4V

MI=/B.LB2KBCB(FTP4





MITBO'0K7.1GN KEU9=3R

MJ\(VUGGS


4
M8



M83M/O/
]F%^VIJ8JRZK\%!/X]!1'HCD!BB:WVB_]-2$C=5RAXX$C&Y44HOQH




&'EQ@(3&7XA[



A]
W.?\:)L1_S)

]Y)S

=



MQ'($$73MW

+!Z!P4=_W;]X?UDHRR=XLMB$8T#2Q;







M@=_B=XM?;VX/MX




M=^E+BZILG^+0X,R^&3R]\A#+OQ@A?$8?LRY!+^%-UC.)H6@F $T:N5#E].


$H43\\; B7&O
MFHX!YN/)[F& .5+ Q

(A&IC8U


MAEZX#[







::;2\SV=HEQT]3#




B-O6.@;DB#P3E V

_B-!O]
M




MW?-($:L:\+A^6


M1UQ@GM8??6%

']++\@P*17E.9

JS&FI7L
M%--N&N&DF-:( P6KP.D_^%;M^- &1M1Q\$B
;H_#X
:3+J4&_ICQ/F:8OV5T
M1P?UHRHY



]X]MX4F :]V
XAZ11EC!&F+.&#@-'\J4
3F&
M.$@*P;FOQS- 3 -J&#M:^WXJCQ?
(%

MX5=5@AV\\)=

M5_ABA9

MLW UCO]^L?UB40V

M :B]


S[I




81&(D^2!


XN'.]KE))]4DJ Q6)MM@A44F'P-GQ;[O9K%99P[J7=V_R=17PT-T933


MON0[1?5)_\OO#VMUI_
E-]OYOPR.48)*@QF@3X37&8^83[](7J1W1'@TC($R



6T
*8/E*V


M#98^


M @  .S   !

M2P$% ,4     \A%)(2'4%[L4    K @  P              @ %Z @
M7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4     \A%)(WC14DHT   3
0  &@


M7)PC$ 8  )PG   3                8L,  !X;]T:&5M92]T:&5M93$N

&UL4$L! A0#%     @
MO(122+YYC$S- @  5PL  !@              ( !+!P  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M=',O<VAE970Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( +R$4D@=V)T+ 0  +03   8

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ O(122$E0MYAY!0  J1L
M !@              ( !$8  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='


M965T.YX;6Q02P$% 


MO(122'7F\8*6 0  ;@

M='

YX;6Q02P$% 

M Q0    ( +R$4DAK
RJ[E $  ' #   9                8]   !X;]W


M;0


RYX

4
M \A%)(#8)]TY8!  !P P  &0              @ &


Z0E0$  ' #   9



  !D              ( !)4T  'AL




O




MU0(  +8

M

  !D


4     \



M% 


X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( +R$4DA-_&A(J0$

SDN

  !D              ( !


YX;6Q02P$% 
4     \A%)(

M:&5E=#0Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( +R$4D@+J.%!F $  ' #   9


4     \A%)((:?%RZT!  #R P


]!UZ2@




M         ( !


4     \A%)(W9D@

M=#4S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( +R$4DB2G @$IP(  #()   9


M='



M?9S35@

4



M2P$% ,4     \A%)(6J'UXY$  ?   &0              @ &?R

*;










M% 


end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001193125-16-468386-xbrl.zip

34Q
C(V+GAM




%7#X8PWO\


Y7'W_


M=?+$]9-T^CN2;WT]?K!S_5=NKZ;&F#?VKZM+T_E


M]
D]6&N?HV'Y\A5^J+K#<YJD(0








MO)@K(IV(PS*84-'X!HU#I)BB9H=B!UY_%Z
W @]A.4&5?+VX2S(TLK/D+IG.
M@3G?@B]RG_PRF\]!1%S?PD





DZOT\\'M;J 0E7@R+J0J:A*K7!Y0


.6





7 J
)[88Q+)(_PGE'+.%!JA,HIZ,@*6H T'/!'M/(]

MI(_:
S\2X-H10I1
I291'_/J_I[@47
R]KXDV?!S'EW$11K9+SXU&+A/M+(_
M5D6R2 6NB45
I

=3*@AI@L5WJ8

M0 PHFC.?M5*! \&6



M^

M_VT_;^I$]!+J:
=PQ_5B$@8*S*$H MUNE(1_#'/ M8@%F(SLQD6W@HG2H6A3


M_2Y+'H;I./J&4CJYW

M)UY.C=4N83FH 'K(TVC+*^

MATH]) &L/JA*SFH0H:0#Q^
4A?UP\@X8_^TT&#ZDB^$$C*[[V=3&)?O'ZUR]
M^IDQ89S=./EQ*7HJ^!)/,OV?+3XG8Y 16).;OS]\DH2;^@5.RMK8?G^&(W


VQW\8A
)&A!A-(AXJCGQ/!=C3HZ)
M14@#
.-O+-

MMRLPB:UDP1X!44K@6\X70)(
?+W9'/9)VTCW=SNL*&7@J1 =1Y@G!&Z*%P1@
MV

WV;9[^
$TG
M/[U:@$ Y6\2+O8*++8LM-TOW3WKZ9WPJ=*]*.0LU@-1261_OAHN_SY:3\=O[

N8-+







M
O(F8;F/44



YCVTLT$V&RX.
MGFHUAKRDS8?3]N+@9W

M]

M]]^_D=XD78AD9L^G=L74T?/E'R(Y][**#6M=('S]G+ (X@M09U_U@2RW^U


MZGM2A#%Q9:B($-0E&AY)& ^I$PO8Z9'*]0QU7+
KOJI?OJ0VT3G$6

M. E:[]K


MHUC^;


MA@R7M%VU]^

M
5I:O$\6R^PYLN=J@L1J5
'8!N33 +8X=/GP
$F3['WR:;AXCF3^FBX+LS
.
<G$WR[#<XSPJ8&Z]$
:Q


(26SS96O!
.C29
M!F:I8X3[S1*#Z;
J V4
\D(%G$@/?'0A(TX

MQ+F8,&OQJG3HO1,6*Q0&GD%6)U\MRX:9MJ^SHXCKQG6CW!Y!4-!NNTSV3%

M0__3D3=?

MQ7\%^G;G.


 =W_&%NVYCK+06NX*N




M
P@O]=CJ*T$ZF&BWZN9\\8B_YS]871VD.E(:?=)!:LBT&ZD(Y*EP@5BA$Q*0



*!?MGN9Y


-$?VFG3I-LMJGZQ-#FVF_1G:O+\(/=WQ&END.E+P5CBO

M5QK4F7W=%$W/
&]FI6K-
.=% 2N5SI73A)+I[PSS)ZG:R)EY







\9(UF:LE*/?#Z%?U+
M7XI!:KODR*HFK35



E-&@N0
1 O^&0 Q/





MV^\B])?I9&S-N.G%@UH[R )!=]JANN2@/0FBM99;7:RK=;^ !+MXZW?8BI=@
MI^666)#:M_PI[XNK;C/4HC3 ^^?]74S]YN3X-=C3@V^=Z?_5EO//K^0.V=
M'
+I*MU_7IUDB*


QZK=&@9#G!)?T3- R;%M*2H
%7


MC[
\+6K'R/EMMOC/!
BQ.IGI

M?9ID3F5L34*/#5TOGO=4&NX5IXE0DLQJ\I7/S@-$ZGZ?PN&:.:[')CU9I1

Z%ZM\]SK-3KQ%





1!897(W8.P8Q@J][(U4/LGB[%3
MLF
J]ZQ]XZH$RCQ2V.


M+E4D5+_[\5.'_MD^KAW&)HZ$XO=2!]8$Z&5FA
1^#^7$GNU7W@7SZW!TETZ3
M[/$%J'8
OLUZ2&.TM5[=.8X#?*HD_@HV1#+&93R^I#'):FS9IO,&_(7. IT79
M KM?Y)-UHF^C._R*]WA+1YT6P:1B3J@,*#*?$^''%+OZA:B%8N8$_@1U6M.

VJ/9LA+C
6BM91EA9_(I_QZSTC[-5







M4O/L6OJVN?I86A2W96Y *E#4K


KZ
MM


5 $GTG
 I(PX
=1C))2!
MQSEWN0S41FKS$L;JA@A-P0*#!]:P/5AK?BV[9P?[/'0QK1?QNXXCK T#AN-)

;#$9;C/Q:A

M

;HBN;;)F](@1=+=9:O5&L.$UL5
M5%D[YKP^R@UO!1!\AN^.9?G[?Y:6X$525E@W3OXU:XF RUM@+#K53!C6V
M0CNL(!R7MB@55X%T1@6M,8NOWEB-
O&R?BO4TYGM%:)#T^ PWVY4 0XJ!%
M[A+)8IP]:@*BF68DBJ6CO, /-)/K8UFV%VNL?#9-LCYS%%K@TBK*^IQQKD;



1X2<3X-:(D055?
M4%J#0YYME[3.KA+MZ-@CI[EU3VRXN':6:+V#!):C*;+[


D?[-5=
MWJ74;[-%LAJAU@9]

[%+/-=SB. !F&PQA]WEQ=B$*=+X)A03
M9['6L303\ C


MCIW:N==DMEL@_/Q'T\4N7E(LIMZ!2GU6E):N\.U.41TFQ^.HCQ(EL9JHZK


M1'Q!1Y!&LL).@*OV

MVUT.W4@KWYDZ[X#/\6+#0\\A


7 J

##I51U)
1

O6GS81C3M LQ-$$<C@@


I


MQ83AMF.!H5*?'A#5


1_%D-CRY
MR

_%'O$CK@/8


:U=QZKLZ*B91(@=@PW1'&5 FM+%1
M;9W




MD




MW+U2\H1-T1SM_CB+1I50IVVE


M-J:8WNFD7$_MQ)$?:@\L1M?C.










H(=&14H0[(C 1
M#E04\(WVN
*Y


/KV *^3C/\V
MP^+82;IX;$F-G[WS;&

MZ

3TM?HJ[GDL U:
#




S^VJFK'#\^QC,T-C?L!3*N CDWOR)<E.JTQMM-4-NF:B1H[1LCQ[
M\(7;2%Q)E_G'FC_UJF&=;Q 846C]BV=^%-;3K- U[21U9 VQ#[+91F[=4'
M=808J[+7).])9OM9Y7]IV&ANAAP
2W==R9\FQA.@2KDC!WJT[7=\QIWW;I;E


4
L9IV2-KMZXW/BVTF8 ^BRSGMK:



KBA-



MRD$
!WB[^&LO#P\

M



2.=B-(#2

G'Z+1F_!L/CQNI<XJ15P6MO$WR_(7'OV?I

MAA

M'IR3=OO6$52_=SM6@5 A3]GN5=@JW9L7Q!= !NYH6NG8U.('2X^W]P_#-
-P
M0' WS#[W


&[[BL'61JEB:E0X-L-DJ2L4UW
MJX@:]KV


%_[8,<C*9@2##1JYH%J2C],&&ACXDHV5F@P6]K?&T66<EE^92G&4AE#X\
MP$7_-IR.BZ@G=#X






M DFU

QUS3PV


MXG8Y63DX?52_.
)E0Z=Z.+8V6;+8/^
KCRKL(VR&4EZJ-?!:0#:X*YW8;+FN







0ZK7MP&6COA;C9
^SNQ'WM9'+YY8

M1YIBO48;DV[31;G4M

MT2I!Y0VFK_5@3
VSV+5=D3=ON5W+2:IKRO:MVF6+K%A4X;9*5G5CGK?XY=+P



S
MU8NE_DCGXVESA[;T3L1J
N')G0GPC@:ZVP32KL$[0[-@#NWFIBT7EO3
9]A

M'GH.B;D

5)'/2_B)WVE*/,9H2&G
M1/B! K[Q':),!):BRR/'R((JHI1ET@I=PF2\'%U4=-XE66SU-7=/(,L&W_-Q
MWS@GB=E/






M%5BU$






$7W93INB2?WI55-M9?3

M)+H(9;EK^U[QT:J^J%-RU#43-;*



?)XT<YC6O,L1

B2P(U#(A1\#ZRS(7BVZL6
M^@KYPA9@E#
*V\)?/];1ZX

%W2H2^NU@]L&4Q]^[8!%[J$=CH#
^QODP?K]

M\&+]XJ6CY&)N4!%KKCY?W7AU[Y/A!/T\=.56EMWU[;:]UVM=+2O/F9LF04G?
M#]



M^%$1B=5
[5;'UP+36F%P![:D J]2.JH\JZ5F&?:+58#:/L(T0 _PX]5'/T







MSFV:?;\;PA-&Z8




_@X3SB
M0

YBON1XQV [D








$9PUP_HG$:3-J
MO2$@ P/7$?B[HARG3SK&T'
3
QEU BJ)YHX'(AC^
5X4$4I-X!H345_&^?1)




!30JZ&UYNMS9Z]H:$<856UIQTN
C'


5#]MKFKZ36=])$^@
M5/.)AO1&KEBKB1:3Z'L&&(/-

HVU3M^FB7&I:92/WQA:^GMQ&M;6<^F=!WT.?5\G\&S34[M:M$I/

MZX$/ZSSF!HY.*).NAC4P5&KG)-.P*KY%#=.&QH(XGF%$N 8# )X@(9XLQA&-


E9%V


%I[LK7=O15P_B%(?5+P*F%]D16
M$;



6_. \
0-N*X^9
M)XFC%8--%
;$\W#.B=!1&+D4-J?(N451?@I9^L MK9




MXH8JCGWE*A:)&XK+^^3Q8_C],N_?%[\.^+OST
YHO'2?+3JU^]]W]Y^QOQ



MQA0OY3D_

M'HQL





0
ML/\K*(HC@]LM,7L8?LO#PUHJT+C_A+%J*N3^Y)B(?#1ZBL_[-@;^R9VDYO]
M8N9;L42&V0KV?BZOG%IW3F=?L^'#3Z_R_]I[_[GMU_T.\#D!-K^C^[I_$_Y

M-T7G - .MD=9%!1Q5GN\MA-D_58$62M6X-3MW/9W=L%6WVGWG7:GTJYKW^(E


OE/O._4.


MBL^2$7RJ




M\'%P-_R2#.;+V]LD2\9;#\3)'.$RP]/M:E&QJ!)MF_OA]M'=





RE._B:69:B8;/(DNEXCL-SX*/[)!O\#K[;)!E_
MQC% \$7X*YIXW3^L%Q@NU_D%)1CP\\HYXH2OIDGX83.P\2I=KL_E


MS=(%7 UWW\++#7%L5OYN*P+!

M?SM

+R



YF V3/^;BV?0LDM
MNJU&H&7;4@

X3%'OX/-!5
8CAV6&
M,]NL+;N:!H@J ZQNEWXC
S*9!1O..EM8YB#]3FWNF:.&7#V:E! H*-0@8'T








3-1FOV 1]][SU/DB3Y60Q1PK\B1WX









MPP[S2

R953
E3+
MD/5^GY









M+.W


-5(UW3GG;7

MN2E/O#7T.4K=X'FWH/E @[%DGQK
^

C+A\KB4[K'!3 &[Z'?@/]QWC&P6.

3F'JTI;R ^5R#SOZ
%7L1RXX#=48;
M[35S#Y].OZN'W51MYU3N(1JVVM]W2]_F &NJ^N!4=E8WU;[1JB#\NG4\#/CF

M\:U34\9 U?766?!/AMI1G?8U*7TZU*TWZ(].9DJ4-4#--%&I%!WGZ#PT=[UK




M WP#5(@!$

MP\G8-Z( 6%$)&'P V)CG)KBV+'&O&
&#VTE[ [N)^U&;#S=*80%O)HU#/(3(

MU@B5-4)WJ!':MY]6(M3N/;Y$J*Z_7
E*79

MXL;+P=9_9MB.BHH.4V^RURCJ.@S

M!(7B/5_G[(%F@:VOF9U1S^YWK+.SL\Y@9)QUQCU[-.G9IC$QSV2:Y_UIGOB'

D$DZEX17]]:-

S\&/
?






;ZDAM0Z;\U1U@3^5^0J
597N0!!\@=
A'
M8:?M)T$\-]-^)\TX!\HB'4]43=NWR6*3=MI##=\Q'I9**VE80[2T?A]N_6[#
MHW(-*C $R6BJKGD&@(-QA47#/!6K[C'W:0TVT#Q!NZMJKPU*@_DMAII7RYN








LO/=76W1?$ *I_*(KPH



J-XPR7QE&5; %_HPIG_!XL;L'RY



M'-E3.#!I%;#O'73KD1


(L%


MX;0 RIQ



MRO95-F\*1@H/6@;L!O:Z[9IM+X;D134()FB.8AH4_J3C*G?(\5
@D2XYM4#L


MW6_^/)M7BS@CZ6


3=I4S'KF?43$Y'JKLJ?A?BSML
:FA'F[-\51
$!4J!][7';5O

MH1
O%W1H:X6T%&
 /:
4S
WG')G5Q5KBRYQ?:/\#97F)]RT0AQ22%?=R!0-K

2F\3BU;!T



M
!F5'ZW1*;Y4)INB
L2#4-6ZKJ=@\HJ9Z%XA U72X09?5=6S0K2'P3WTLFSP
MR.0E9RGU
:GN(?P2\22$2P;G@B+[

1RQX(XXP
M7I)7J$TX!Y#J1-\ G*
 5^GU4@XT D-(1UM0H/RAQZQRFRLYK16E75/9
(JC



Q


A-P61D7$1^6O4?
!FZ7+ A_L;DH1H O--_%I291[Y



]1!:=C?




M#\H!.M%PI]Z2'CWZ_CM_B2R(#GT3\Z)?Z$#E21%+WTZ^L=CSD^6O/Z(_[]0P
MAW_

@GYEK2WD5IP@+#%93^@\6HY6(_$2.9U '2]]7&NPJG^$4O_2S'RK8



M*KH;ZGMC
@6=8/]I&B-R#L_SK
@]1?!





VJWLG+.F]3/S .J9MB SE!P#NX
E%R[.S*6X=20PHJ#X[?
MW?**N51^F-?XSIOX^?;!@/!'T5 &I&/C_Y&6]?X] <IC-PZPU<@%KC@


$_E=L32_&ZBI_%O4'*XO=LM1:P=QRR5P[;&MN57(G]?!%

Z^I7

M63Q;%L]^#N=%9T347NVN+MT4#VX5P M;D]PB4Q\TP8T_9=BFJ5IB^PHD#AU.
M2B.2Z_95


6R!

I;
\
Y
MGK&3FG7H3N&TF/H).NK1\)Q'PG6!1]L$5#B/M.2FXTYY 2^0X66H@Y/)9C-5
MTSJ5^^JFJO7V7!W\-$HXK)

28P\UW*/7@Q_G]R5JO:;V$)

D\ZXQ:1F?O?3#:.X7EVT[
MRPF]$:8/^W-



!

MV^;7? :@S=


UHD0K7N
MRE/O'?!(!
Z5N-U:_R+F !1J\VVMNA=+90?
]BQ?VJC\%A[O-Z/ 2\LX 
5







MM 
NL%/Q5*:I6=5D6AX@NW]]'60WCC&S
M?BZ.X*_W)BMM.OM*A=X58.6@ ^\^J[VR6KJEO17F$EO5X8?=$
WC:ZE38Y

8-JDK.Z% 4%&'8?: 

 ^^;S\_%]VUG@:@D5




MPM<F54EON_2V[^!M[]M/+,8R:*W??/4_08X



MYU[6A%C'\TZ8XI\Z]:)7EM3!^WKI[SK&;.G=;4]GSD\)7=[_5P9)'Q(D

D1Z'T(_A
HYNXR7;@1KI.5L?J5W%-'%^9ER







-SDOVP%;[
M[6L)_E3(#7N@#JP&N-K:$-:[]T*F63DMM:\^LC[HJ7VC=7E
V!?+3W7?.U,:GJEF6KVJ !]Z%;I@U,DG3*+L



TZD^&YY-^[]SZHL.+

$[J7HVHH-=*Z9
M.U65RYC=Y@



#RQ[,CD2Z;BW
MUJJ/[ <END'!R[(?E+S5<ERW6F0_J-R*




M.HXP2GCK!T$9-G[^(


I['F$YDC#3.F8)16$HU/,-HY]Y(;R5ZF+X+;PMJ%U
MHMN032E\RF)J
W8C6HK-7#]&\9SE+RDA2Q40?(SBIZ[W=^;'\&JVP%IU\#
&



M':7_O^;


MVD

_#RZOLTW/LR4 ['X['0XQL
MDN0T7_\PQL=P_[7#]L6MQ3#GB^Z(ZQQ;?^!Y;+VZ78^*85[(:-T__CZ6?
MBK@ZEZD@9



2TRP.Y?!+^*H;(0:'P


#RO
;
MN&/]S-$=L&W')KQF#2=Z9V X1F=L#/3AF3
RQX9^%*))IBG(- 69IB#3%$Y]
M[J

MH(J#W8]



MO*SB(DKA _P4W&&$^S_


;3#_T;
=JX01)76&=QU




V7D0Q1M_G0&9WRMR-O^*]29&.(*]!
M;H_;*0FZ:Y'X
+H0(
AX(V<5(*A\PBKP<*M67

MR=!=+.+H&U5KA3FM[RF#!0/__/6N\JGD-@601.6$9W$TAP%@]0D3TV!%YS!*
MN2


MY@!?


.?


7J2B$(@Q39
M0%&6 IA\@5L;HN :UHLVT4N.2W@AJ2JWO'7M^WR/KN(H2:K)3^6:\A7Q8'8$

M3*A-QMY2)I$;AS!M\I'%E%*SKYS)B6T;9^?PIM$?33I63QMWG'.GU^F-S9ZE



!8\$#(I:&I4W15)RV4/+X#!


6T\*D=+]5BJL
MP0?E9I
I!R89S\&!CZG

'PB91QDUKXC)%4/VQRVG]GV'3U_L



G[^+1(

M



=9_9WS&=K&


!]5
M!^21?3R335TK16_*7^')-
D;4_XEBK0



NY
M*%NP(_G




*X,( H4PW+?(L'P!A$6^8&[Y24Q7,5;-SU
M$MS$(9@V<( 2TO%]O:IFQ=
)3
N V



LN3MF3)4P'[(E@=893(8


MV!/;H.V%G

MS9Y_X(7MH2RJ+==\PFL^




U=T.


M



I3S^32##S*+\$3 EJ&&9_,]_@&GOOP,LF)S2@=3RQU,5D]F7DF:
M.#!-R&2BABI5F4S4Q%V1R40RF4@F$TD+7UKXTII[O#77T\TV02IIXAAH8L]%
MSK?6P:Z7S ;!./2\* NQ7N/'. KA3X^')#^ O+N^'^?OXJVX8PF5F\R[O3L

T<'-Y5]^?#BY'B)PFFB@PO_@1SH)(4@H]UM(%:
M9W:Q'S<LS)@RBZ.Y,A:E!Q-*68%IQED(H3%B?+V<[3PO7( 6[/?E7O5I3G%

YP%?K_L&(D7O4Z+PT.Q]P%@.4GE&IQ


J1T$4!G=Y87$J

ACZIZ 7@NJ*0I0!.'
%'2


M7TI0+IV%1)[*G

!BL2$KU(A^$W905$@ZS;Z? 9G
@L&MZ


!(^ 1!_M0P(P^
MUG MEXL/UM%)/'E9D62T_*IR?K!@$O[]W@ZA0O.8E'/)5(XB58+RE+B[;D
M;T(]KJ-$OI0WZ^7-_V3!W:/$C:ZO$S?O0U  :13?Y=K=-+5WJ/$N@%8?W:7
MD\[O]6TMWELK.'0=R1!;\2'S8H5UN63'_JISTT[; HD)L3.#/D1$DN=@^28
Y20G47NV&2UJQ_3R;W=6F[3ZG#$=F\E(4OS, HGB)KX54#@##F^=Z7
MF/_/$KC ^Q' 4

^#QARC:I






M+


F_/

M#\=1]]W!




?EVCX]SW:_=:?K
M)YL^!RT)*OW:3?
E2BQ*+#8%BR]_7&B#Q-9-57?V;*TU$FIMW\?5!D)MJ$YO
MS^Z88['

MO6X3TK9;=JP]LGMI$H\2CTWX[&8V2VXZ%M 6D+2%M REZ)1XG'1N+QGCYY


MR^\5MC1(LH#J[&

4

!
M:KQ;)I@<.T6_MSEOHR'ZEP;^5T9-3JBY&_4*RWNV(*+R=FP^.'%6%EJ/MNW

RW@/UGL

!=-ZH=)DLVIEVORR4^^
MGL<,C-04R#5)T4;=@UUMK5BANCZ<6,/SLX[A3/H=2W/ C4THZ/W'7LTGFC#



(J2LH#-!JL
M^UKJR6N@

M;@
.(E=E+UG0%T#H_LSWW#E



M:/! W]F9J-$CG6=RS=)YUFSGV=//6T;_Y+I_ZSW5TDY.=^JZJNM[SM(\7MUY








M)#&KP;NQ4_;ZKO0P0MF7_B&MC!_F1JZ[GC]A(_B

M WW2=SJZ/AETK-%PW'&TL=&Q3


(:NHWGWC4RAB]<;<HFM3@WQ6OH53  O[-S@L;W$.+V8).A8O&;R)LF&<

MB*EH#X\2;\[2'Q40G$GF)K!RA=WX4Q9R1SBH$;?L&0ZK!BPE*@IL/P7 4.4L
M7$*



M82&Z/#_VLCG&W#R.?N763Z\W6R_N C/3W$ 5!EQ.9; C;)$F@@EQYKND(L'@
M:3?EC)9F

41P#9
M@U(SY^V*_%ZVNI*T;%2?+ZB403 43@*$Z



-XJ)T-@/$Y=D*.S21;FI@FTY/F8!M[C]4(CG&I
6AF[%S
60


M8#3I#.WQJ#



5Y;U(;2-E1AHP-U)_=V/O
MNK0)39T


H@P0I%]
MP7RR_][ZE8YW^
HP@)'1U0$'C8\Q*K5/.
5;L]O3OH=3S7JC6%C-[U QO_67




V


M

C/+#7B


M4Q

[+'











MMJ=EJ\Z^CX1-@=4P5/U4:-@T5







^TYB3V)/8D]B3V)/






M%-D*J!F^
);)=5GSGS&/S2]97$Y@V.J2WM^+S?XRL/6/&#;GF6$[*@ZI'])R


-Y88
BYA0&GE?VV)P]W6U/WCI;
]# 6M;JF:\



40S

@^H4-/RO.,T6O$KH559&5.!
M/WYW[\H';%7!BH**&TZ!'88[8.71LN5/6E(%9 EJBGW#-@V]K5


M?K/KR97MMQ1L7W%)Y'.^7'GY8Y[ZJ*H)/TL]YWLJ#^
?LRA
\\F61&+A-COW


M;
:\M/!K8Q1C$:6@1'PW$&&//.I'%DD'A %#9[-[Z\;3PU[POF=#=QAAE;A*



C;TUVI<R\D3G8BL;*C6V
MEM:Q!.5E!I[




0=Y)@:_
0

M8O


1K;QYJU


MYZUT5QA94K'R%R41LZGBPG:X5XPC3* Q46 S%EGL7;L)4W1;U31-572=_Y^3
M'E 7?
IC3.LVK$:_MPSI*TN3%%Y'G]4TB^%_

M.
8
41UZ(H2V@B@8H415CZ/(U I4*9;V
$3!.%M1M151\/*]J%I&%
8
2TPA
MSRSCJ@J]XL5^RF+?%3R6+).



H^/)Q8NK]00?^T7NZUOE?#6CDR\7GLR^F;7U!
MLM
-P_ZBO5:RT.=O^4ED&7K_RY\79U^ W+]P/GVM3)GG ^(3RHSSI_#@]$NO

P];-R=GD2P_F_F*^_D4?




-^&]Q]Z),W?<3:_\ES?O]C4IY'XO#:;7+Q'R<EK#4.:
MHP6YRX^'K?_,L!T5%1W@_@):(XVBKL/ +'ME[,#?]Q:/AC&*JQK/?-_B5.F


JJN'#
M;.9[K.+G1FZ997'HIUG

M25&WR2: ;LYZSR3C

4 2


M/&03EX!+E5




M(;N#M[


M!YSUWH5%'RS^C)ASX7\&/DNYR?H8FN?&+HN&P!5=/X'OQ(\8-+C5^*U\T);6

'=FITSGXUVMUVMZGK


89_$B1UBYN-;X+3P1*A@


=Q+A0TZDY2


U6C6





WFGA!E(1




[JEU4








K]68:Q'M5_W



58/7[FBSK1JG%PG25%MZ]29=P9-\B.?V#Q;G9/VCM\25.\Y&O:N/
M8LQ'B,@[*GQN3<7#I.)AG,QCU'91:N807GE[N.@B$ZPO8O.#5THO8[::Y]<

Z]?
N



V'49T+WT/ (78%#I%+[_IB



MKTL6DH-ZQ$7A8
$]5.2O^LJ^QP
OF'S[%;I7_BX;N0P#$*OQXM*S_;CO.^/_

M

HW/]Y]7H3''8Q)W9



J][\O
M1I__?05/IMHW



%-;HHZ\7[5N=OS]8'TC[7O[*M[]=UW:V[WD771X6U



MYU3#FNU4H





67J\JIJMZU[C7&30[


ZP*(_V5[5\0

!3@'



ML]IPIM4J5E9SP&


M;_.AVC*5\38W55W?V+M1

MEE49Q[.IMJN5$/



MZ3
%




4ZHX](R]KE)2J*@92Y%_C+U\OAOU/6O_3Q6]_


NLF=(SW@QYR49)PEL]QD+J1BB'$KD


M=CW8K4QO8W#LH]

KA



MZ&E=8]C6ANUFN]


[ 9R^/





MV;LB%HICIFB)/#Q.

MC;4A:*J:-;(


 246
DJ@ '00LU/*B&!VT.#^I:


M6FJW=2H01


M*'\VKAJY^J:*#?^[KV9IF@]FXXW*TN]O@AN?C:I

3/ TY/Z3L^YB;


M6U1!O#;;FW/C:GBD.YO[&JHRP=VLX!&*T2




T;






MKV;[-=NO-A6/17]_G



[WXH$BH_6NS96NU9C*FY\@NV%2NE4?PT



M.3&












MPO&&Y0!&$=R ()
ND9#-@Q 9U.3.]F_%X;:_T\$29+)#-\)QT4%:757D SCB


$_80Q

M=H$Q
\%L0]PNY$M+@'6GLQ+;J' (0?F!=: VOJ



M!#IJ







Q5R7
\3G?!7




&%\1 PVONU- C@-L*E!9;=3MP'7N#$Z&#X
@B@&*31@H'R+?E' +/=$
M7H[0Q9IWQ8-9%(=7]BQA'CHZ'7M&:EF4E%Y3&TB1?XV_?+T8]C]I_4\7O_WQ
M49'WV](*&?
&;X(/7Z_BWHG9_!<+-#9U<=W808








M







MJK6






M+?
GBQR4*V_/I2RKZFQBUUA)NA3(0Q9!A-@8!?(0A&02N#X'C?

[):D(XHRYM[Z2?PEOMW$;YBQRZ-/Z&^D!




[)6KEZ;


M&UB

M

$W1CCAC*=HZB\

MC


M\ @






M\C44'V!^[



MY7?[+SB/8



7.



C;Y%ZPJDLQ[K9%JUX1MX]





SY2F

MT&6P
G 
T?- 'E!8CI6EX
@03 .!-[&Q!'-D+SVXF*1H AN#O(0BM(+G\LKA


M]EXON?N@^Q*C8:XIN5#V2S$H]?E426-:#XLJQKI;)*/174N5U5^6J?)T+
N3


GZ06F&



7AP([I@C
8)1_S87G[CF$+\R5M4#;QPWA


MN/'OI48NDP]R*B/?L$]#P:LL(L8 1(H%X_$
R'U$0.D%3IWCT)Z6G
MY9$

Z
R:SR\CU
);?ZR7J:DTBT3A5QC8H#
R=)?K(84


'#1A6
@DP86AA5E7'^%1JDHC/)=RMH^DHX%79W$9!J()5Q*_%)D





MHTI






MEC=).^%U/K\+3B+2YU
($I82H)3^7GHP8U$*%P?P5Q*Z$1@ (D55\2X/JR^2


M5+I5CSE7RE3WP.GYU(KDHE#KZ&E IE@?!!.^32^0/G'OF
)U^_+N5JR?-(

347ZH7(A
M/OQJ1H0A\2!/0G^Y

\_$PO*:%%\R
Z%F-\^B
MY1\L3BMZI



M
(9ZL#;H&['!@W=;^+X4K/LT@J1=';/
UEIG 3$=Z)NE3
B;@0LJ
 WUI0





7B@7-;VA


@3++DU(MI:1:AM+71_5Y5;RRK4*DO*/P*7<
_7AW:I0?^Q@HJ)=

M'!JFM+4Q5647DZ!



7B4I!Z
8H



F_(Q3Z$IK^)Y=0;\OG2K1BRG4D:7[%\
M:9YF;E@N?C(C_ Z_Y9!M+UEH?&9)*!Y[]X.PAOC%R0S3;7)M*&_DV;YP:/#\
M!B1P047#1$17
R V%#Z
UDHQ16.(]\7OA9RW4_*,T-QI0ZA2D91;KYRY

-=JU(O8S'JF
MP=




RDS)3$*88DV=:I!Z:
2QB3UYH- HQ



M



&95?G8(7


M
:V1#
NBMR


MI]'@





$9@B8/-=AB*E)#D


XC%*
M




HG[W378I'#+8;3F?
M/IA/=_PV5U1KH;#C7+)GP4Y%^M?

(Y7#?;)5NJ$IL;/Y



M=I4*H ]
U%LZCH\?1KWT




MNS&
E\IO=JV3*=H%P\%-YX5<%-T3H(YRT8C




M4D^


M_0KO*W]/WT&O.


/3S*J]-!QH;






O&KX)XCB8

;C[XJQBY
MF6;&ZA0#





[?
^3^%&22.J;RM=K
M\5W(&&\$:\N'O#0%\)

+\X9F@KGK4_Q17
B;
MG
@-!:-+N8)




MZ_G6\ZWG6\]WR_

EJR]CQ-6;MPCI$];F74V[FG8U[6K:U;2K:5?3[A!I=QI@J<]I
MPA_7GP2S?2&F7FLZF&VUN6NTW*'





M%
'
[5@5

M@F;E!







L7%M7#?/?L5&_O[3(V/B@Y83'0:SF1OC




PKKR-+WG8]

M

M^2P\@T


GL*W]?
_+GO/B4U/[@^F%U!

M'W$L[YW]OW!I5_:
U54[;UY6I9[U:\=Q'/RC)EE-LBI*J6H8+/WL6K-R8LKL
N:==0DJTE650%5#3OHMSSPLGJRE MXZWKS-2SKEE(3;*:9%455(<HECXO
M@?PK)YF






DB:RB7C]GY01R1TB!=&K3)$Y1JL&+224)A()4Q@+
MIK[$+V/8J[C.\NW&RMFL#Y
RI%6(O85:V&%/G*LL]08TP=./KBXXQ\96;_

M]ZV*  @/-WC^

N-B6E:?



.[U;E!J4$BRC'O..2
M;U.EUMGW.4^KS2XP3%



M/*C4X*
AO:228NS!^::G:J@[E(?$Y

#Q(-)W4L%


MYT*




E.?1;'(Y]();B8$5=SN/9+;@*Q

WF4J6^1DN'[@%)0;&;RNDA
M1 ]PW)I?/2ZQBW1;.=?K3G6VM

M5B0YE_!QH=$F%Z+(1_

MV2-ZU76.7F(]@%R92$\C

M'B


9R3YK


(O \^=++9_]]QK#GOMGM'6VCUS

E8.:8505$2R
M.%F J:0EQAI*

$-#S708C



ZW?9@.-;[YX
!


MQ;X5X9?PB/U@$UP8WN
#0KS9H^/A#W
4I80;XUQMYR\07Q)9#)+.26&+P.S?






M=L^K+2)6S71@B[\.RN Q/Y+63UC\NA%8VRO%6TN0=\35RPB$IN: _MEBF6







37BA1*GNS*^WEFA_[MJ5:!X5-/S!L9T5%
BG1L_0&QYOU#Z@

U#AK-4K4+


M([&=;
K\)2KKK_'VT-Y


[!:?MRB
]D43$<8#OC!P%)Y++[B;5V7

M_3&
FYHSIYI*?VAA(Q#3 M(5!(&WA[+(]PW-U!S-4G2AJW7;6
M?E+1QS'L9


'%/

?LI64E%&B^5^0(WT

M*2A=^MG)J8HM+0F#6A+U0:VG8$DHXLZ*X


MS1-4#7+#U:*7*GMV

M%1^DKMZT





M\




M92S_0G/
EV:


DP










MABDL^3F

MGKIC4A/JF$
L&@;UR:FW*FH2_0-VLS3
FDKYJDMJ;3HI7#^B.WM8+^OLA8(;




0+QE[LWGN^

_IBXRV4D:R9;GKY*6[D*J@5T \*!T



M9/JR)

0#
G6S
M3M3A/D^H%0JJ:L1Z+_OSQ7GZN!S

M
V57/IWB5)W[P*RO0N:6?M74NLQULV46JT2)^V-N'2^KH9+=^
'#VXN;L@?]
V#



M;72O[AJ&':-AV.9Q\VL$?NT




_FY'(3=^KY
MM)
6\W2$?.3%?] L

MVT2 2CV)0IJ!#\^






M7
S:3N05D@M2S0K9


M45:LY^:5O:PA2


VQ[6))



M@O!9GG@-ZH9NL]S42

M(*'2JCO')T?;N0SF/M^J#


INS<;O/(C73VCL&IXI5D=
+F'-9\ADEN9Y5J





8)V'9&

$^P/<]
M.BHD3FCOL&+$B!\^PZUT0A:\YL/$B^($A'6/8Y_-&%SDWY$HF&3IE ;I82.





.'LM3CUZ4@YN


48_N$RG-






M1Z/-](-V)2[_0




M
6J=\IIQ8K






2';NOGH4)TXAZ13YBLQ;H)&^:9)^%:I!X
MRU

M7

I^HR%TX?6C(1J?]GR9K^[F
V0(
MW[+9^QN


N'A?FL.&TM5D5A%5H_4&NE

MEJU#=_Q$HL2+:8( &)[3



M-@.U'S@7LSNK


B[B+AQ&LV_HBE@S_NX^ 8Z% Q

TB3=1ZNG)R)0I[

=;/02!EX$9L4
A/N7





M8EP@]I5PU89(TG$D=^YWFP1DXB7#*)RNKFBXR1OM'G1LY/8HDFUS.+!5F=?[
M$OJ8BF\86@J[\ [57M@FY)N 8J,][^(JJP*%13M!65MKD:Y5S##.VP $#W
M^U'1X9B,;!%&S!A#I!B!-[2%8G734675$L7#47 :9H&DHQJ:A5\; BFW&
MA_%=:(UH1_;;!LN)_-;WP7V#
;8WYNU66\A+8CF^U]T133TO#;P_0+NPT










M+J4^RAE*3C@ /$B8GJ?69^P=WV94AWVU+P]%WAS20-'0YJVAK/&J
)!EP3 =
ZBN6]CQZ#04%U@OHJCOKKG6@/J2WKJ-R Q\?H=,.S9
M.!


MX^#W.-A]$37J


Q!=I2C*X)<S2_;!IB:D\2&L<+5G]SH#X)(
M:W% %Z2WI

MTJ&E6[IJ\:8&.EB198FW35#$JF0)6M^R37/8S]S3)2XM+WHIPH)'*Z!9GKPQ

M_D_3M+$[:H V)



C1C@R;PT4!_&\U
MP!:@3:B:@2O67@6N.I02_&)@ 
8'R5
M4P54K]O&6#&\*:E&+RB.B#&M:')


M(^.2C%#49=%RW1XS1FU6O;!OB!DL@/#4VV'4D69#W+W]!8)55%CFP#SFH_

M:TL%
:/8-%ZJK*U!LEKZ5R1D&ZRO+4D=]EV5Y)6R?QN0=FUKM.*(LXT4(NW9
MUV@%F-L$3MJ(BE4M
E:O?JO#?#SEBI.3/
R7

MS*^A?]RX[9;!'#R#4 VY5HU16_AZI?CV)93;[K9&C0'97*L9-Y1*QNZTU*TQ



U2

9



MQ#



(RPRH8LB55]'UL?QDWWV.KY9#+17)NEXH
MK@IH8


OM87!

2WEMB_7 $ZHK


SI
M^8$KV]J/%6M:

M_:)[PRG(*4VX%.[=O03AB-R[ZO7; =S^HK76D$+CROF+33Y92?=EVBWQ2
M@'82\!S4_E9E%$E-B#T27 XTMKZZ'OIFH7GK9S(]2V**.-!
P;-






[)T*0$JI2?L[MF=




NTYTMNYH7#WUGX

=370T\2;GVDV=1B].OOMI#'@@T5WD!K$[PC/T^!;4
MUFA^^*-K8RCIFBR*O&QK#J_80YNW#$'G'4/!6W135LWS.+HV&CD8S0T#_.#A



&PG3.V


LN


Q
T(4NF)#*)\Q5Y<0 *+RJXL



M@.RUW(4; 

M&



U\9!A\!_EWFLE^JB=7B&(WSF0J[@BN.I.P:]'.
M@;6;NG[QD#EN\$I5$2/0_AB





]Z 4\+N;'!\







& I_I7O'9=M'E



MX@+0!HH 0'XR& 4W?)'0-2$B^&%?0J^T$#C03
*O!?L\@:C5B!!06/IR8B




M

M?E 'BW(P(.HA(F3

W(M

W3$IG0@N


MA

MR#1%DLD:#KPT!A3=BRD!7Q/ BUS
&Z7!/]0GB%%\%1J-ZTV(;;0#1B!+^F&3



L

84.G)6@MZQYS^E(K!=PR&EMRYQ/V.T?0L02\^
M.O&_4F N48;4$\R3JD

M$?8'6E/$4V.(-I(_/798G
V65

)


MY# B\S;KIW4QNL^XX


MZ(. =Z
9!%J^H
M\(]I#08\V&Q]W30'HJT.$:?2-_W]+VH60ML




&Q\Q\TD-XLS




M)&








XA_RR_P-MXDWF&#=JCGCJ:3N[
MD4NA454]0]'VD+57O*Q(:9)$0 OF)1BJ;NR&*SES= \I?MI 1X? C9)SFJ;N

M9$_]T

M!J](@L&;1K_/X:IY;D&):].$&V5AR T D^.+H0Y]#30X7J$4
8]3AOPN'




\

M#@OR6EY;/K+9'AU
L@F*NF[7UT-6.[W'3A?7P)ID[*1146CRG3HCS?5:=[


!(
L0+'[@V(9L


M/$#H8_

]CRKLC+JU(NW8

S?N3/CR&/0&3(D/RA.?(S 8L7

MO]P:_RME/07BN] :@P


M#2/Z0\+.Q=P\+VS/
^$
V:(L:WJCR-;P'U!
I2MMF1?O-0.[M<U^!W$87D/%O,9FD_D=X_WX&@G2ZA!559?#<HZN]C71

#4
M:RL.C[:!6
G;RJUDG 2K$#
^F45AUF!JT5KBY'F&8NXP/%.D]
KM9YDZV'NP


MXD R%YGZ8C7BT#.JAOW UP)@;?W:D7L/-^$H\B;[9G K\HZ:I)PPNFMBQ2

MB&U

MWY8F5

OO6M=D J_5MEO^F





MU$U-VQ%3*UG36;81)A

M^['_(

M

@A'Q'XA



XFW&*K5&-#P0=U-4&P%='[X(IF*_'J@1X]  SZY
MF63)Y_\AX^LQ










MS7([3%R?%2. O9^Y=E23C]SXD9NYWOA4-+G4


MV#!T[




MF8*^==\?.MWU-@HG7AMW7,N!$.IJ8K2FI=5ONU&$?'CKZ%_ ,EQ?^^_I.W
MA$3 ?DQRD:*V8K4-B/Q






R7F







3.6S\/QZ)FUS<YI:[#K9R<^TT]@(2LSX0

LVO45




[@PVT+JT#=PXF+R5&UK
.;?2
MY#&




 2&[@C'1\_K.N4I])^P4+!R



ML3:
Y2N*X[WK@!9!5;N#W1&@T(1$

SQWT/1YHX\
M5;3MWPQM]?Z.GUK!3Z)IJ+IQ(?ST2*X!G5'@LHLH?=Q
B@Z:@^ !WOERB\R.
MGSI^JO-3U8GO^*OCKT
+=<50S%TFGBG




MUK)5@
)



;X\C)+J

MC:=@.




;8\VE&X**CY.#[R$_'9#R
PBE&

MRB8-_WXEF7=(H!3
D3@SG4YB2XKDYY%T=-[4F][
\I6)4N

M?
1;O.S'%F_QL@Q/O
7+$B#Q%J_#\*F:JY=

M00[0 Q8O!Q)%3*]B/((8;F]RN#U


M6 HHAIW8A2J&G=@&)H:=V LMAIU8BRR&G5@-\GGYM]D*X-EXE5D'((:=G&W8


-O;-B<-BK[Y@SA[T[
U(9J8L<VHM#;VI)42!&

2-B0OS02GL]46(
MQQJS

=^QI)#H#
MN5M


!0:IY6=_?A)MAF+SF!\PYY9

]@$E^
N
MQLI\6D@85!3

]Y.F
S3*W8&2









PPO]&





2E?C)]D





USH%^6N^[X4Z.:0; :J*:8,4U_CMV<??POL6'2VX#TI<=F+.T5MCCL7
M72;^O'#?DV4.R.*O$?  XZ*6CLL#,*Y5<JHM2KXH'W_\/U!+ P04     \
MA%)(J5V=])$;  S0@$ $    '-A;2TR
#$U


M7Q*+QYVL8O%8K%8?O^OI\!W'C+2$@_'(V.7Q\YF+JA1^CBP]'G



M.$!?.S
.<XRCE?OA\/'Q\=CQKP4R;$;!D-G
$@[^$F2

G;_^JMP]6:D<4R=EZY7T'CUV\& ''J3(XGQQI7_^/<AS2UL$*T;4S]GUG


M#QQF='+R5H.@()\D*!\!+V9#WMD0&@V@%6;$U4&WPQDPO(T79V#Z8+\9RI=:
M:Q=4

G1H#X2:


'Q3$CLR3&&PT2







'WG<^-

MK_B;]@K1 *%=&4Y-99XOW8$=AE/3?'WM!* 7X

M%%4OR5:25(Y/=(?6:.9C^

M81Z&8I^

M._9AUPXCQ



HFC**O^F2OG8YTW27V$A]6<^YNIR?U_RN2K]<P2]-P
M7MLU8!?\=G4Q8G]9!\+LYUVDQ[^]6]E219)9A']/X



MK)U2TRO*?A3E

QR.1.((++VTFDF+

J[6\M
M8+N(;4F

NVB6PK!53+M6H(;9=Y
F5HH@PEM<&T
M^EVU;'T;%'9U


MC3A9 1U?^3.$CL#8RW
O\UE]0#*ZP'


M=]7A/R

-_]NGX(NWX[_TP9


MGX!_=4UO5Y@AOI-.#TH-=6F+QZXH9EU!WD^9%5$(G;0OAU GZRT_W^W5HY%Z

$.]VK1;BK+\Y:LDAN=C2A-^:\9B*RK7H1:HK.KRK2W;
M+\^[EKTYLKOMYJ=7E':*\A..8G&3+B8/(I@C#O



;%M< DUCE
R$V$;,BFUJ:@)I1=S$:$L;35^_
[_6.X#752FK)*V!Z


D
MGL30Z





#H9G(Z.GR)/D=B$@GR@FU&0PC6E8(ZB


'[3B!(=
M



8 !8IN<LG5R3?3'C7Q3&H;J<SZV&7P.QHMQW8!T\)N%L!9NIN
MH A_B\YK;
/RFF
U6F\





JR[8A*6__
M4CSG C-EU48BK13(6!%N&Y#Z.+KE+7
V]5&'#2CV%UR3TTNI/(C46DQ/F,0
M&D)W:9T&SYUO$$6^%/*+8=**UYTRA228Q^:4=ZR=YVB/71%'(QOOBG KO4U




'9GJ8F)[2XYNK/NK30B@PT6#(Q/E_&&E$E[[4!;#@
MCYYOSJ?GP:#$(D(&<A2?5)%U.<7'+HIR: #2)3')BZV4KDE$*06F;.WZA0_

;X\JCYZ*U\:TD3@0_@U?LD5:]UX'
M\1..[UCH8NQ%5RP

M 
4))3G9AAFK;- I+M3L.T.P]?C^]#7]FVE+W/7XR'TDP _X]Q2Y&47-3^
M 7O@$7X

M3#(



M4M
J&AO*6GS1*?UDX0/A6QAQIN;R0Q18=_9!;/$W_S&QF*F5KM7T(@*ONL



HNF^8 TQ]MD1'X:#)*E_$J A:]?Y@Y]-[S!VY


$@M^2



W;P ?N)L_B=H6:KEF



M 3]$T
:A
<70@5



H4%CFJV[Z3/(+?RT+?O\#J_JB\'# -4P^HNGS1

+;S'34?S\L*'PM^E-(0*'@WV!-/7U/43_BMC
M1MO2T\4]=A-6J*UZ*/S/.(;?#R-WB0
$?_X_4$L#!!0    ( +R$4DA_L+_V










(
PW7H,887& 4GD*[8\NF'H4G3((
M'5J/5RC&OA=JAW4/R]H:]2,^:T,+:3X^+[7\N +PJR@,8,6[_24!.1V38 +,
MH'SI@9\087B+=(#HUI5IK!I$KGM_@PGAM<=6=V'TS.Y)@GRXW[(CIOK2_ -

5FO




M;7PHB9PL/A



*+\
M%TV.JI.ZUL@#WO\1YS/C!;2+
(%EX)Y
-OR($M:YW*SIA_[43O7A_@GQ\T=8

M^)_0[P#H?T2
B]G8C_%6;.SK-O5[XABL4)++XE]=8P)V?P&19CH#E=O9X]
M&FAR'6B@0_/*
$.;; /2


3CGHQ]/UGS



M.&
3
M


D


M=GYQT/O0)GF5Q-D ' K4KG(D0ZHE7IR/H6Z?(6'GL2.?
2=K[TO
T%%YL+
M%


M5J.^MHHA#.WG

M


V.5;UX =
M;$EE?(H^GF)4+[\B\,TN]P+SNZ\(<]5@+3!^\Q5A5%+/NA__HJ@2[PH!=AO





M
+=4

6&*?O3H%U3:SV24

MFEKUYBIV%;^3D\$+G?C09G$X&;0@=0Y5XG





76A4\M*U5^V&Z2AE-GRH[X=?J<G-6:%A


M7&N?1BWB U]$6*R9#ZJ-6L2'&EVK/Q]4&_T:P[=K%0!H$'CD(Q2(\^M4(TRE

?E'.P2K*7




AE6.$G;S5II]/:K%_

M+]?'JU\LN\'

_R@80P]XR)D



XPMI!8E






MZ^P5HT9Z&@H:U3D[;1VY@T&V73OI6^G
@0[+A)
^F#XB(=]&G?30]&%%K2;I

2*V1:@Y.Y!_JLDPT&H22U

M;;6

M&R915D@[;0R5FC#TL%@'.*V4&TE_K[0$EK6%UN7?26?

M+
ZVM=M)MX0V[JBMC4[Z*KI/) 7\#CGP.N#O*$[.7D;@:4B)#\9E:G[-(XXT
M2=-MQ&9


M.)U/:LU;P9L?O3!)QS

*).8V?12)1(R:]3\7NR)/;($C^%*-NP


MG(PKU

+I86Q7Z2A8?[4FS$2SO14;)QT%FIEU E:LY
.PQY

MK$
G/7=-YGDC:)=3D9P
NL[^D81(6/Z$5K
AU



TP08V!'
M/

X\;Z
/7]5#N=?IVB*NE YECA/*(H*%Z
\&YEA/YXP-V$ZK#P
-;S?+]

M'RABFO?A&S#DK(%RI9(S)
^0!F'MVR&(.(%


M8VZ=9[U0YIV
_'69]67#TMF\;'MGR8_ 8?XRW#Y'B
@US?G.62%X
Z71DGKK
M
0EF\)EBSI;4L2C&Q;SCA]


&^^BU.3%!0
M9FGQ8&7VM37
M6







ND#(QTW)$

M-$8TW













M?7


GWW_L.'[W'W




Q\\K#



=\!.D'$5A
M2=*'!
MZ.6) NSO$1



NG8I-\B0



I
M(4.2;H=7*/9VM YY6'=S(GI?WS3@JP1HL9M:;&9Y'HZ\JQ2D\]&*
;([T%


P&B'!

\&@G^T6!2PE\^)QEV_NV-3OOX

SQ'1_'X#\A

M- +Q^H
& NRG-H(0#]YCI(4

7EJ-H%DT*PBI(*MI@1 Q40E


FQ@^)*(5O13)-R-A


4TU!!3QHJE(4?!N E9='F1AT


M;[ O

+W$TBD4X%=OROU\GS
MNP$B%;OO\5_X&OMV[??O*^*(/XK^O3; DT=X.FO(F]=#Q=YCR#ZZ:OCW]\-

AEK@

CMIH/O 0W+ *OX63TT)1L^![B()*I _#Z=[ C
M@$5N-QE\39VP@R6+O


$5G
M-

M!1]*G%)LWB_V-^^-V\JBF!V8I1K4/EB/&D47:U#\.!L4C\P
#9+?S@S)CLVG
M0?
[Z]$\$ $:U
SCEZ*HD;6#!D--/%


'R!^NQ[%'%
M&CGOFYF@2K
1-9C:+^10]/\&1?N%':+1JD'0?E&'8/EJT+-?R.$Q-3?X:I)V
MB&Y_#JP[CIJV*LTPT31



F3/CVC?3!V7
)




M[!W%TU
/1I1BRW0YB-E%!PYW($.. CJTC,MZRS2)4(_I&'T?%48] E0']#




(]/U9'*

MO=\SWE# W+



M=R-NFYH\S'99]Z4-&YP5W8\8Q]6E/SN:9\^*Z@S== 63JX@-PY$G3='D F
#


MW]1O1C(18/?4C%%9@&F19QMTA?_9W+AT3(YZ&(%!4;J.&_JJM1&0T]]9X.HR


M6DHR@AA +T* +((MXN4X!!#A[Y*C:5 W]=+R8P2=-;F*RH=7/:+?25F
0!
M
E=(=MS*7)TD)9(QL#KL_ *H&@E:M[^8HHBV2U





CKI*7GZ
@<7D#88
M^B




TMN%I $$DV[$#



&B-KFG
M#PD%O&*C/:++/
 K@

9)3

M2

M2GU
RGQRK7@L



S4
M2462.

@7??BUAETA1J8D@NJ3\(\]]+-592\I-=Q$$+@
D@._<@W*&-P@J8X^MK#E;DH@9R%&&D) ?5X]5CWT=+WP_


M5V'L(9;99H
TZ\VH

MQ7[8F^0+CQI2GKW'
*=?2E#FK%4U_$S@@LIM=0+CMW'#SV5VNE1O3HBP(#


M$5&L0 

9B'M+H1B)-G$D S$N'%?+

;;6U_L

M[4F_AM)K9



1F


M;2


M%EIJ/G@12._ 

MZ)GBIGX?X\S2$H\B:P;J7;5AF5L+FF$

M^W7&)Z*.QM06R;375-2JI-:UV^F/[.-:R2-;TM$9/$;(W.4BV)[:^!SX)QJ






G41C]#).4FDTLAB)K**-P
M1LJ)*&ZXBU$X],:[\_34\R!8NTC=<88W+<:OKYN6P+\R(HY#MTV5D I;%TB
M
NUJR&5

_HH/?A.VQ$P ZMSTD


MFI ODU^H5X




M^AU'K+;0Q7K&=E9!NG3O!NWZCWP$#ZX1DVO5#
3P0(BRP4(JB&$E;ME@!!7$


M0J\@:;*Y0?'Q:'%KDZT2JJC0*P7K-VGH9B(4@5I[U!97&1D9&KVY+A-G[J+%
TEI=$3=-GB

48'9\9DY!2P:
KH8%22+ N'GDY&X4'S^0AT- H?

M;

4!9

MP#+[&+3ASZQ)[C=DZ2/+RV:AKQ5K=UE/+(=1U)XL=!ZC-6
K@(@SAT6:#
M!0HAE


A*L$


M$U6&




S@9HA1/3RT8)7&0Q
7=\^C%OR\1
71GN]V8TCIMIVV49%LG=#N
M6N=[*'HXBFAU#$R/XJ;93SJ/$#+OLH:F[ F9S*E]KV04:HI<<]A)III&
4


MPNDYQ'L=B0'7

@?4B/]]AJ_X.+A!
XGN
MRYZ^.K/OJR
CMDLY.QN UZ!5$QM#)Y;R#N68$752H+
XPW8QUQ S#+_;\_DC

&WT2H\DN4:4DZ6-^

&BS+=:\U+@U''1KO#FLL51=-8S'4I:G8Y
M:;-RWP%TR6!?9^4E3#!CRI&:M
H*4H)A&\

%4


M8X@H5? SV4(_):'HG-]D4_V4%.*6F$VVY$])L&-!RF1#_I24.58M3+;@JZ4



M.1)&0ZW5+19YMBDV$N
E$DIC






?[EZU-8EMS_)_!(

O ^L$[I8KS$KK%JP$FJ&CF84Y



F)U\OB$TLG)
*<H^N;$=:J+@3
MU?*$T6$(C]#R[






K4R:1
N?0B
)XKZ^$P#:7Z8U6\&X3QVV'8D!O/H]U#.+9A'B[O=
M!!+H=K;K-Y@;Z$JV9&-,XEK\1E<\DF&N10/S\29R+1J8?C=58(&!B7@:O*JZ
MLO%ZJJISJ@W'1=698OQ,$Y8'D8T[5]F\M[_4X$SQE)@<@Z60$27BOXX9BVD
M('D(M;_7K8
4ATY@[3%Z@J7


MW/UM#M600^L]54A;N]K[06N+HP:?$_RT1VO'T[PR:N:PE4HDEY#\\;52YVRW




M3]+K=^@:\!1TVW*-($$SIIQY#YP1DR-1LRSR!XP74(_#_R

MZ



M6!46)9[8U7+J'%:?VC7T\$O3SK4)%W52ZBT


MI/[II'X5+$J_NF VZ7KE)^UN104$;!B #1;KB;9'OYBB/='/J=XGIWKC0D%)
M?)\E_N]H8]YO/ C.\+/7Z/L3HEBQNR48^LGO?^$R8PNT
$&[8F5'MJ$VTR&G


L;SE:A7Z #+#ZE@]




'?
M05:



R_&S]J5C$P1+8_G
8 E
M- RJY%OU#52F5_D^! 03U803:]M0C_VH/5)0^Z6(8Z@/S?YP
$U?*J;3N;WN

MD7' Y5Q4





MY 4\2J)JKUXGA\F&A2

[#:ZX;D
_8D-FI/:/2[AM
M.E4G*XS_#45.24D9RS1X*Z@TU#T5C6;TJ/PE)??$_7 JVLUTM4\;VIZDLO/8
M/^HCY6J@%P)J:.J4';'KEJ\Z7T/?4]%_ZE$5OI?6$/74M*IGU%K*'TJNM2P
MX@@-G4Y%&1(NL-0Z%34G)%E'1JG906-+!\1$
MB[6:$575CLXDK=I
DSID
ML88BB54=Z0:$IWN7NI_LK+)V#)/M)59YZZF!ONIP6;/F*=(J:&P+NK#6G
M8V0J2$-_%:PY


XG+
[
F^*F?Z
M5YIK8ZLB@V;?6#UNLXEO@G!ZO(5^#FV&U7*R2-P^.#P&?2_NN[A@0W:*;R
M8_=;AR[@-4.
LBG
VJ'





9HV

MOWD*T
R613AF8-;/@)BU-L*Q
[-^?L2TM1&*'YOUBR5&\7[N?
U9O_1AU)*
A\)7L6]<5<+B<I+3-\W7X&

1B

D;5L#1!%


I3W%@:\6K$RD;:G_RB7]=G9V+Z.T(3Q=


M]C-LYLM:G



IQTM$B
MCG

M-EAVY=H;:XY=7A7MS@\;)!]Y^&5XF19'KOG
)

M[8W];.828QE/N#'P9.:2X@%-.2$QRND
)L=+
B$QT&3.B.N
N
Z(ZXRXSHBK

MN*[B06Y&40CSHIV+H8OX?

6_.VO2A\\UJ=O:RHYG5U


S&0[)NUE






MDV4
_HXGIK[KR]M3@A1=37#_E
1I O&#2@7?*8A&A8^CDP[-]P(\9O? 1]L7
MIW
RGY4E-M4#


M
HT2]



S$(_


G^#M/C.[Z46P5Z4(0/*

F]%O5MB
4J#F%0/*Z=6@-)9P_?X
D_RI*)U
=0H=-9$V[4O2
M

M #I'$-OZJ=K#H4.6L#45322!!)^3.(_1=;M7DZC'B]92!A 570Y$Z)8GF01/





M1)59OOZC
BL;*EBEL]IT)_%V*L2Y
0X@A]13PX0W+LY %2D;?LUN^O$E+?



MN*?9=$8^1



M(4%1]/@+]

NABJM+ON15%?7G7AH2
M.6
 ']48


\
/]G?IW!T!D






=)





PIW#
MVJ

P@_75\8E0M!9Y&5IN+:W-Q(0RW3,QF9X</IV/-<
M -<WC9(%



-M2&H
M8
#M




MWUNHSG;']BL

MT-S5B2:0/-M:5;]HHUVOYM
E#:
;DNT
H%R_08U7M*U-R^P+UP9'@PS/O29O

?0A7.2J7-BFH?#96X[?-+.F_403YDP=/1#=QZ

M/X/_SM



@FC[RXV


M11+;^G-'AX]C


M]F?L(9!
M+@WW -DI^PG^!EB?SQ,5B&M*F2[A;/_ES3IU+:GT*W;
M1H)+K'F8'4(0I?=)1'IIC=1*2[ 38@K%B^:]A*UE$N_=UZ%<:(582=TJTT
M,Z1 1]4@T@K9<7324MKM \\@S@'/R=)@ /U*0M.;.H
G




M&JWUD&F:*:.A5GB9+Q9W&SD5;YP/D[Y'B/7]YJOB1%$_C6DW2/)_W85\9C.
M3ZX#]=QD?M4!=A?Q*2#&_12OLAZN'$!)/%!,ZUH[ 8OLZ.I3N6[ECZ;%@Z
M[Y7A&+6=C+K^H7=

M*_ '4@S&/H9

\%\T%!D]-&'0








M]/IC)DT


YCS1+N/-^4*M

/L8K^@X7BSX\V.-QO(F_FN+


Q1




M' MV+-BQX-FP8.;EX%BP:2RXKHM[Z^TPHNB?:(
&-Z'W&$8(DB9XH/6I8==U
M;/YXE7G$&Z!R


M2_B':QX'Q\LNF.X]8$@G*CA1P8D*LQ$5QETO3C P33X (]9\=S04YAYT0WP
MTC;C3[7:#KAA(U^8W-V=OF^D(..8N&/BCHFK8.+\%ZMCV*8Q[/W+/2XFCECS
ME$$=\I7,[.*8L6/&CAD[9CS%4VPN+,YZ!NP,XP:SL+WEK_'E
1X+7$APVHU
MJW(



MO71Z@$78X*X ^FQW'GFIP'W#[JT7LR\QW%]N[4V-K[C/2?R
=C((B@437?;A
M(SNUS*EE3BV;C5HV5%31KHVIJ( H6]35'GVM=)N

M1I&L C1T^FXV=.H17QN4OW=F+R/
7K


S*&G^B[^?;
MO


MJUT8K]%)WGL\DLL% 3$%[1/! ?T0D 3@!P L 
!8 !EXMC_C-B_LX6H.%E


5TD
L$



F\A8CID[



7JW_9X\/%V\)V_
T-T/

SKY#]
E?[ZZX FTJM)*7?M3&Y 
Q8=R+
MT]*;&MD-8L?KQV[Q9LJN1_]!O4%8?PMQOX.[S*6*0V!,;(AF!TSHI1LL*T0
M]*A%!V&CABMO1
]
H*GZ/V3XQP)86OQ(_;B*/L-A?[B_=1*3?A_IK_^V\5V
M2_Q


MAZ5??72CK1=$IQ!_.(4A]N









M



M;&[YY.\48+^?4N9UI:3'.!6EO/
8YETVU@1AGUXP1(^.1S/'1E3

9AJ


Y[-EMD=F)L/5^@BCD/W\1333X?B -TZR6VWA*JY

;.QY-)0C\


/Y)';
'AQ

]'B^DTRT$K6)J@


P)








MSI5PM9/.3$-K4?.OI2AF)QJ&H/:
L0X'V



3#*1D;4I%!I;'H+(1N=9C(DF0\3E'  -#OI5YY]IKRH


ML95]/'I%+?FKHAXV/^^CY0W=6]EB=N2+@\\6JW0KFU%$%WG/B!)1H-00E3):



NN/PMEZ%T=WW2^6D\;#=X03SY(+N;0
M





^TN1@?L))O



M(.+M!8G? 8!@(R/29U73U;0&O21IK$QQ@AA-6
 I$/

M\=4# ZS(]7$476R3*J6TS2_]

+
MG*2N6&![H
#Z


;:
MZ1J\'WK&U(?@\.CZ; /S0^!'[HYU\@C\A]#QHST.0[RS6KZY% D Q
GP);\:





MYV!:Z#&V)VCQDZ-^HK?N;&]#VA R?J7GSC%YXA-Y]GC@7]/2

MO
XN]X[D6C
6)RQS(IZP)W
^W[Y;5?0)F$
M='6DU)BJL$A5;]''MCJ L;RK






O@0Q1O]OX_:1-CU6V,%3BTJ,@Q0TE7JN]$P
M W3]:[F3)4(^D0FMU*!]B



!,&$CQVI*UJ.:_%1(SL!!'* A10CJ]
M+$*((T8='#IJQ#X#TP0=B=@OO'N* +AJ

7/04A+7+1_
M[;

#1


1@VV*
12

2K&S#$]9#)UNX!?A*))7#7)%;0[[OTQ
M\*

CX8;A]

MTBX9X-(4]

??)[KZ%-:%\J 
% 1Q9E

M58H]BE)T!20]'44Y0NFC7?UNKK%N0'\Z9KNZ3G?U[=F&_&^8LQNS2H$B=]='
M)X


6L





GURO*+I.O^S-CRK%T7G#,A?AYM9Q39J1@<5A,P
E0FNRY3
MD!

 '+48 _V/)WRQ)T;[
MV=W'SW_%#K\@F-3+T

.OHK7'?[$41G3N7A

 K_S



M O**VN#:3#3SC5T.SQQ%&H/H9JA?/WBQ*?0C5_OM\]X=_*25BH2.\H#:$)C
M7I91^738V;(E)]-W2@;%&6CILUYC-BRUJ6M

MD[/?VOI

MRPEF6

M2H*9FZ/X9O]S$.RB^\#C-[JI/J5UWJT





*
MAQ-I/VM;L]JDDM:UUCBGM%X^52@JNX7Z0$?
CNL-F%A:;+!A7A'IPCPPT;Q!




MJ&L
0-.5=$&R14[R%T_(BL5^G:57ZR%KT%!% !2]+]:.WU9EJ;K





MDMZSW:Q7

-;



M*WNV+.T'%6111A=EA &*WRB7M
E-:)6T=2=(J;C


MXJ$Y

M/R@PW^
MK8#NXN8\

';_P?XIBHZ'


[%+\XW]W Z
'*
MS_Y[L=T&)S^.;IU7^JG(Z+?$;)]I9M+^-@S(BCU^O25V05
B:%.2X^'\ J]*
MRMJG!B5L2T)H-ITOIOD\D(R(LJ')#R@;'*6C(S(\RL:G34XR#A!C@07;.1.:


;58VFT:=

M[%:=3FVI\KQC:ZLE%-2I


MDB\#+(/%'$E?SK761;I;:NE9TP?]=;IEE[

VU:5TIHQ0#\]:K7
MVXT&'!H5%;&=69ME
R@G]4J^$Y/JZ(^HC5)9_5TZBD%H[5[CM[NJ(+';;](T


M*(TBS@L.'X/Q!;+LSE]*-_:;8=.$^@9%0.*]LK+NMXZ5(@'@&V3XDM]EV5AU

 Z*MR(&]=B^FZ
M(;A-2(T2UW;=O1TB6

V+8MD'4;0!@U6UD3:!KT8 0\KGPRP9+!7F6_8_$

M\:7M9CZW1'


M&WR


M3RS?5/9S)@]#@HEQ()^'



N5'Y
OY3YZ.
T42O_4Z?/+T 
-&U9
MUX-2\G\Y;9.FT[X2&W]J*S3


XLLT'R

M.:O@H

NB7)^LR\G



MVP66FDB

M'/B4H$X66:1M[

#5
$&
I\5]Q@'*N4

M4K1@0?&6%-UQXH#2-IM *.7W=-!\09'

M:SX!?B!

MY15@UAY#JV6+]PW$ZC







M1KEBN5G-\E_]?5E&P_#'-=(6\#5K9I2@G%:'8H4V;X
H#G%

TESIL7+5H(U0(0(#TDQ6E3EHOY8S@@J
M<3+FQKS\:D&?'KGNT& ]=EQ\Z%,F]_QC/&7+&U4N$'^^F?P!S/*]7\
#HX[
MKOM



X?


]DZ;%=/-?VZ92MEKD;/(J5P 6M
M B5 8O=LET5.;Z/LH-_C\
7=TN1)-]C=[+
TI^@AN

MU=V0M##6*.#[Z(-%D#VVLN8S:R7(R$X900DGZ&:?YQF2J#@@SZ(\'X_\L\00


#H%[QS:3)9DK_C.5'
\LI8
M\@YFC$!5_!S9 _+WR]5\#D-BL)_)SV%E6U\^FAX%S8V.V=(.D29KQ:!%/:
MGR*A73XK

+L)Y;3



MCE5'9;

8\9145:

M[]U3OK/R0+\X\?;9]9\J?T\J@8AGTSX$]0= /;CL

DPK

P-OW9+



MC!S%$6/ST8GP[M9A]Z9X64*B&KU#T,XE:^=M,CW;_,!S]K2IV,B-N@D\1#O
MV;@H&Q@LZ057_;H^M+G652 K.IC!G\'H[W-99GMO&;
4*/D4#71WS2S*KUU
MNES:EAJ'4U0W









@G=1


Y[D(AQGCMCL%.]1UH+]XU
)AN9JME

PP=%/Q@&I2R1TKAMC@

*'X;CR8Z
M:-0$!+
;;'@G:1;9TX835F0#K;(3]SU?WHI$^_, %TOT23R-V(0O8(EOM]
M0?X


MCSV;6XN9E

96IN[/H(:.


M)-F6Q\QB;75U.SD/$Y0S@0HN4



M99CCJ/
G?TEK





EWIBA():G Y]T


.

M\9ZT24L)(48)$5+ZJWHKD

MR6?WE$\C9H2&5T

MS[\MR;\^.ZX:1M5N2Q+JLM//KH?##TZ
GX*0OS*H/J75:BM#R^?PSJ9VQ7@9

M

[#H3L


<'$039T@&\*H=;K;+/)#OK8

M;]+.?XDU


H0W
M$7(D?^2VR2XJE:?NG#ZC5*#]@4*13V+4G*1D!8RD8;\=FN(V#PE5SJYQ#_




L U*!FV'7_G'



XW

P6M^

3QO]&3@;]I;.+DGW5^R %+\3
MF4]EIJI+6+CI]!W8Q+H7OB[S^XW^E/T<QA$W+PM[O
ZK9_'A/1U1FN60R&C



2AB]HZ2_IW?J
M/KK1



7NX/JLBG_LON!/WVBU$=[%OK:W=.)4

^*HT44H49B)4*JE=E]2I2HH3HJ![AI*V64&;A(X
A)DP







M520!A


M6XUL-E\V*
;=#X








\)L\UFQL%


6(/)
R0:A4MBB

@B



TL06($4\TUYZX5]S&09(8J#[+6L+:62ZN2IL#H
MC'_K2IQ\

]9&B(Q4:4038
ZR%(0PC&
M%T1S]/50QQ]77- 9Z=


H
:#].GJQI[:=5=@7AU#-6*:N6?/
M


^8

/UL4_UX8OUH6@ H

M$//8DM\+7I2JVC2BF*WBR/O:3O V(U6F H3L0%7FP.L.06K HU9098;T-
M[SA]Q'M




M\4A0@2Y:5:/S5*N'JZ@?9'75L2I'QQR$EU)GS3\NXJ19'V7B(?A ^V*$]'J-
ME




.%4PFER[RO=2/\2^'DVP!?
UD<7O-[EU+^GK4'S(F3?V&P.G6J!;<K@B=G3;1
MA[R55F

M8F-9I9@@HXH8%53090L$^CO]



M4#*@[\K

:'(?!2X4#^

'MH^6/(0
M!!+8R/(FLMFLSQ!@@L7W$*.^(AE1C/;JQ?W%6

MU 0/0D#UNFN#KNEBLZ[O* #V&U
ED-U-(.UV?V9.C;9_;4#+L905T3E8Z1$(
=-8
M+




X41
V/J&2 ? T\FU#&A8 1:







8V A/W45O0 .GXPFT92TV



N

M/C!

MXH#'W.K; 8 I$Q2D7RX4&F5 L)!@MA]QCV]*2[&?.@**




M1_*;'-9B4=^QH:39&5)*'59;7R8/!3+CK#7R[P-A788P('!=$)^544Y5%L
M6D44&*T=S+H&5UDUFHO7EF.V3C2



]
M^)Q8GC-_3





%5OWZ
3XRO]
GOM/' 8W/O[S+5%Z4W0[SDZ%UFC2$=


3*]8)R-C8K!
M86J]Z%38
E/8EBKLW2E3TK&DNGVN


J1'.J#JL1S@BOV-B3-



P6YFHR.:SJB2
*M
M=-'SVW






_'*KD$LG





MT?5.Q'$/MJ6

M\Y!?
_]^F]K4L$E3+P;1AL

 *IM5W&^3?TWR%



(


U)&

*+
M7CH.ROY=&FFV%@H&0QEHP%!?6RM
+03 )#% 6V1E%10HZ4LC*BB-L#Z*VCO

M)Y4#(= !^F+=&8C_F_@9ATJ@WTC)'-0WL2=?H6F:K\5E 

M@V#WU?4\@U$N




M!*9


MH@JR4/.A0EGM3%9T3CSGY29EB=^]J5H6+F2\N_7CIAB+WH/O#J^=V\IW3/



MB=5T









@-@04(@;0WX&ON1*XY$G


1 ;1'-(.Y;TEDG2BT/@









M% QT
*#YN@DL!2EP@/25JCSG



MY!NV;/+=



MQ2+]UYS9^KL_6'






ML&'@%G

PASGO
M?PZOW<5Q*'?3TM_4-+_,9_DS^407-Q^NI'4P(#H?@PM#?/0(HLFG?FPV\IY:
MX'(1A2NBO'9WZ:??8!_&^:X+P[T&/
?^?W.W)%S8VQ3??6(SD368X_U2?^)


4ZYVDVT 






CO;*]GE6FN3#%/?DR)0K75




M7#/?3-
54=?<*F&&Y3FT33% 2&+.Z'
0WN%CBO.;




L0].])S^

.4$H&%2/DJ:%TE.SO.VBHCJ *!EHFY-%Q
M=\Q5N60YXC^YM*!24F:8S9T.I1^Y6:K18XB_XO#5@$+$?2#0A&YIY1J!\]N0


V5
MPLXADI9V]$+J7?

M4WPA




M-Y=[)%%^1#

MWR\]!&#

CVWS_/R?'
B22
MG1&RF#7Z(*R&(?.FS@FWG1UI:YRM-MD&94(U.ZHKG;,GE=I#S:@6AG*A;;+



HS7%C;LP&%413=X#6!'B

6[W


W'-+XFEM@IO4]*  W
2._O%C.IHVPI511

E0_BKC2R<3;XJR9PF9Y$@D)17!9D</%LSN(YAFK#2:


MV(6&1AN8DR^C*N]FDE-L_DH*!D&L7$, _%P5209CKFLIT16S]V;.=N*#%L*
MOER-&87?G\,@Z@S8Y43$


6


^


MU[O]N^#\&!-*M]LM:\)\\14%7M1_L07 %?2:Q68RGZVS^RY\8+0/0O13.C8)

7[O_


-+&R'
M5_2K\I=L A3&$3Q)-9O
@6#!K8(1WH(L

M8N1:LF[)T77$!OBR+0L
\?
F\SET76'^PK8*T2_
\0N.SF1.H9]^]5VR@H[Q


M@XZ


M EEJ]REAE%+6O'#0J*6I[5KJ6%YH5!6+7Y@RPE1?5LXIV!N:2$%6/+5QGM


6;Q@_XSI=MN3S[;98(5\N]_3
M:BP=S







7'8


M.PY?WP;'D^N_?B!?]/_B


#8:8

KR_:

MF 9]184975I)








?TX@
)N?C.Y*T_X$BV&A&%D)+
*WOF:;1741
C<+'6E]J7L<
M?GUV0_S&C;SM&WH.^QCX;P]N5!O&]!_'%P F8/?6YS,:XX59I73!G$Z-P@


MQQ$1]5N/(.#00V0L6Y%$/)TXF=7D7J5:ADV1B3(5\C/+)/HXQ]E)S48MC@8J



M+[RCX(_]B'%=O$&6U!O_%][Q3F=O@ZA^MU@M+3-0(T\ ^*[%8E*7KDW[!B:L



MYRF;(;D0]_&V0MZU!-1(T=4%0E$?0JYVRRF

BX
M0P7V$.$/I0PB-RX







M0I VHN.#\W



R2PZOA:
2^R \
M]KEU)3*6D3A&@$%P7F+B+&O2IAFETH&HC);Q]8M&W3#KS_7Q!4?G@YGEB939

M#M]W6$V=*H04SNSG3*3YCY2-ROF8A!


M1%CO4K

M\\UL


?UDKEZ0YO)


1PY
3IP,MWM0PZ)DN?ERDB4<TJV.2TQ;=


-KQZO!GV+:1N;A99






MK(N

9 W_@HFA




,DRUR@!QA#T%859Z^S_<
MX^E_?45O0OR=NKZWP8$0&C_PQ=LETNLF


N\I%GNEB-VCA VS
)GH]$ZV8]



M6%;CW
:%L'HU
:
':
^_$-/@JP



^Z6:HTS/



*&?PL?/]$B-DHB;^6?9

M*B'W3.PGK0J9%(7\*QD\IHL06O^1E7\T92
PYJX)J$$2@P%CL5IT[-HHPW J







UWMEJ-D];CE%B764U





MB/65.8@2*IV$;G:+782WP.-\Y 0NQ('\3T [^--29BESST0SJ[.8@J6)MK
M4*5@(XY!5
61
M'475\5TNVMD1Y9W(L+^DV@L[M&?]@=1AX'EV.F SV@R=*]C^SUA\TBOU^05



M W&^I:I/D#'1SRX9YWKR4&T6KBSSU/A9K@8P?PL.9)@#60#JALP+RF
'S;(X




MC=_ N\=D3A



VW*D




%_J((XZ/<?31OV?S
MYR&(W4

NBZ7$
M8E

M1-(+G[10&BUX




8+W7?R
PX_^-L3D


M9Y49



9
MN3Z_59 .WFUPL5)0!$+$A8V^PKSJKU-?=KX[#K@R?*X!$0-0??D5QWA1NEG4
MIJN%CJ*;JGTX&=%%Z1[BP:
W9RFO&1(0N*_MHK3R[V/_EJX9&)%Y4;KO1[2@



M0RQ/:G@=JME20;V$ 0[DVG:537W3\3D6*Y2L8D]:\A08K\-)2T]D]7[4NH\:










MR F%D6-R3YB0BLE]OM4H


MR+Q\=NFJAUVVZHHAZE_0C1*U7

M5JRL62OV6%W-VYZQ;@57J&^70SZ;(C\QY2BI0=MF2+7^N8C-WV9(-/*C8R

MS!M+] K-?H&_? FM#_Y/G\ZE[TL_$6H_U%



M+QOAUA8CA
W5.B
$*

MH00FZ)WV3X3$X;_.H1?M/):U_1MN:]G2\99.FVQG!;X.VBQ3CTA'9$Z0C8F*
M@Z)O?%A35BA36*=+6*
&!YN7)4L#*

MS:N)$7A^?C-/Z]

42JO==$VVBM6TZL*HS;P]N%%TMV=GM2#V

@$/BU;SY)(C&X(%1700.ZQEF%A.52PK#*5IAM4:2:T*C!H(K^5$
MC_D%/M2IU+YCPE#J& 'C[VJ^7I8J?.7CV&$OPZ5S1*73;CUMTZ_6@AJ58M2*

8&T6T5E.M6:

V$0-'P)G'5;S2^L@P0D=$+$1

_\/*CFT6=K64#HW1DFVQ.DMA5VQ



M-0W%[@_TB'V\]UBBZ4^+&V?M4.V1F3^[07^:KFYFBUGR@SD;^D_3!?G9)/G9
M0MUUPPU7MH^?R**Y.^A3.5'G]C1VZ T]%4P55YA%6

S#\?3[)4@J&+
MS\Y+PO&#M6P$\ZW-+P^DL:?V=;2BJ #;(.-U:LPUA2GVH!28?\\2?!'I


U7&Q*EP1U@%=Q5;EKT]7XR= )W?7IU
M
VS.O.[=0S S0OUUF[WG0<

MA*NU#FL*M'5


MJQ8L
)8'0J^MLG3#T^8
)64!7@ULO9XT1%QT++
5I67(5FLB3#:+S.1RGK48

MSWF
M/;_N]A_];7#$#^Z/MP'KBX5]4&
XZ.M:[0K&$[QN['*3GLC
.Z3QP1$9'96&

5*X@V?O5#\K
GGQUHHSIYPV\&&X[[Q.9VV5(%

B!OZ#EIU&1S:4J4BQIY6G(60?A1GQP6G2J
Y



-E\L1ETN;CVZ;
M8B4_W:@&*RSC'U[\_ 4?F$%'S][I(7COQU[\VIY'$AS%I#6ULP:?C[.TGG!Q
M

$A\=?7XV-P^<VKO]=@=16B\%3)


107L$3UUFFM1A*)%%*$_U$J?Z,,KI)W\V<,LI)WR!&W%0#!<U*
M8Y6%DJ&3!+/8]IKBAZQI^'G(QT5G?T7'%'-G4IJ
U?K0;:=%6-5*=] 2FA
M/DG:3KUY3Z?V



M1




NU=$6;_3BQ510CZ]
LG *.7 -MQ1

MA0?]:V?:&X



M=N-_!.?#[N/QY&[C]_L]WM+F3^21+V0BB$W;KL'
@U8'AP)!P*PKMXQB0@LQ

KSKR6::%-[_E7NY; C[
MKD
-$=&I$]&H'=5.IY)]5
4U





MG$KBNFDFYW30-TH)




M]2




M3]LO)@O[:-$BF*LPV-;V1FP

A&KD//2!^%D
M*&




34Q


LU%I?2O'X!+DLS$2H()$
1+

'B*:_




M1_\%;+QW
$HS+_(['?%@I*X??O[YY_?%7\O6*?Q+6HQR%_L%2@($GE%;X/]Z


M-!^^:XW\^((6_Q*' ;KQKO_(T3E=1



M*_I'G


G)0?WY+T-
MW56YJ=2M\0'X

ME/*-&YCAEQ6?@

MF(-/Z(%!_UU*NJ3/=1FADX

M) E L
CV5 Y;J_@TZM9VD8O(-DM?,34EIJ_$;XUX4D4R@=YXK\@5N@^@3Y8
MA&&E7Q\F%#&5'L#QM%C%ON_H]-=:
@NL)4&OY2(@QU)O]-_UC$T/)B
Y;8X


M_?W7W:I!RQ\Z]PA?P%X[=Y-GZ/=%%*%7G;E-:HY_CWE'6/TO(
7';.%G\+5X

M/9)[L;$__/#AYY_OL8DKCJH'IJ0

U



M8H- &.5D2$\_





P2^M?BL/3





M_%34$EFBHS^?BIH;&(+D$GV5ZSBAG\ENJU/1=I\_A]_6/O\*DFMSD570]@
M#3$K$&6?O0WI?B$V.Q5UO\0A$O^]I-PT^F=PV.Y4]/T*PO#?H_AK] B\-(Y


0]89R@


=90W3 OS6P
MV
7JR


M_OK^T MS=-]












M]NNG)*$ZEIML+4
W$*):
+
]!K0G/.0:+)8&@#JK^0G-Q/
#Q[D4&&DTUVM/


V.
^.DCW%(MSIT6^F@
M$B%0<.0
S?1*OJ&D\VRWT9;S'
MGELWB*,LXPIS]$MMR I@W$NPI.0N1RO4;0A;QCDAX2W8%*XFC75%/Q'4A




M&X_?3TLV]YJDBAC:N3EN9P2U'
SI[;52S_U*22VUY?HG)S853L0?7TX32Z
#JZCTO#J
M[YX2M!IT(C'I45#\5UBJ3$<$=!P:3$)9H LL55?10A#\CV
 _1[@G
&7('R




$/V?

(7X9

M'\[/?RH(0#^@02

M3 6^?.
(W=3

M7
8XVE;[ +9YXK]@!=GQSK6Q^YHVGI8:D1^OTGE+G5WF9;Z4U(YT(ID'.$


M='*#D&.I6693JY

M?42^CKB%S3:

MCRTQ)W9%;TA(8F



9WY;/(5R7^781_-A^
M0@NVX?72LY+T91$%^/_PR_;JA87.-+OTDF2'#@HK'$6LKY6KTA3F1J:-G(E0

MFV-=@LJ1=6SD5?6X4Q-

/B*D/_#D%E




BK'P @J+8*DT*+\FKB@IM 6






MTM-


M
M3FE3/? 2SH -N':6OQCO5 \-(6B0[U
0(\:WU!21[^DZ3F(Z1+R/&I1ME6=/



M$DVXR 6P'J@





\*53U(=




M*%0+=%1PZ&XCQ
AC$J?4[!%R2V0-9=2:D7 BNS;<Q:@U<%W]

G39#C%S
MRA<RX((=RBS,(JN(J'.[T.<^IT2!$N[8]8%L1[XU?C-VPD/TAZZ!./9;;NP


MJ*UTZ






PLM?+U^8R0U&JM_<Y@YS
SJM/?)V#K
MP3HKHY@+-,@E==(F;Q'1Z!9G4&H2%-WZ6TANJOAGRHZ*WI+ D4UN$-'55%

I
VSNT.7T%3D8!=9)S7RV@]RZDKAI9'
M[Q



M#!N.*&RK8648: Q9UU8[RL OD%KVFHH&8883W:QU1(R##5U2D^73U+J5';#
M,WJECS3_3*I.D&0MP^_2UB@R+=$%SR )9FWT2I.-@496LQ
V!**7G4/)IBN




\NS_;#!MFM(DUM

$M^ABC








M@^P1K.T9

HVQ(0'1<W=[




M2KWL-KL


WR-Y@LV/4.)@.

\ZN:
M
MQ27E;?VZ8QZ($/2P&S=[AR.-&U?'N4K-


#A9!0V@#UM@J

M'*$9TR*3[BM

MBTMQ2=


M.CI('M=KJ_?-J'#R'G];G7%&!95ZG0SSS#$WI%TAST5*[L)CP&UUUAD95C&^

MQ6_0AVRSUQ1-QIUE%A\6&/339J^MWV #ME8CVP/PXPA[$U5N##'FD_(L3G;8

Y@*D)EVL/@/_.TB*
9 L714*:NF2PY



M5M.5


M:*C54+;(LY?B






MDIA:RN:
!$\


MHR.QF9C&@-OY%*3RLRTP.QID+I2S!TZ7\M_.3:+]O@)\%*L DKS$*=OD'/




MN(O=)1(*UW&R6Z[P0U2W8




M%*.6K4DN7)32X4D9YG@@QIEQ+/GSQ5C(Q:'^5
G^7+8G8)&P;0KQ'7-Z!B2L

0I.%B^2 W*]R\*Q@HSM/




[
[YROFV3
2WQ4X3
MD?-M
0+9WEX'WUGJXG=*KP/+PKM/Y'5@633WJ7RL+(OKUNL86%PM[0Z0I[
M19]XC3CSPCGA13$#VNI1.B*()%NCK1$)(\)(
KN?SB_)$A@/O3)L]726UM3R

.GDRHO)4)&:2ADWQ+9E







M*F_7QEI@@VRW?RKG#'FJ1NLR)(Z*I!0K9ZT2\M00
Z4 :U67IT59S9UN?\)+

M
)*4



MKF.\&G





M\)3%!%3:F


FA'T^F\

M*86%YQ8M#$8I]
NTPHJ_()FIIXAIE^_[F

=/T$?L5P/4+-CF^@@1=


M'OU+C\YK8TN*B=LC\[V=R1_4Q-61LQ8
=A*U]5BZ= 8'IY 4?] ^4W.[K\@*


&N


MH@9L)UVK ?L(Y.&9J;2\H!LET?WU-6Q

MM@GYMDOL49D

MX1I
+590
#

V9Y/D@KGZ[OFZ .C. PMTH@)\JHXO.HO%4$&(%BNT(#I
M/UAJSNEL^[DYR-D\;/^*V
GI^4DCI@Q2@SIEIREN+F
[!(+A-+M
K



MI]E:SJAU/H_GF3A:8]1;4S3[Q+_C@[4] 
RYP6A]D/[F!!^X
&,=-#[TV,G^J,R9<+3VXFMAN=R(%%3O-.EEWQJ]8M HW\


<BXY

P'U1!UNVH6M]21*?M4(YV?
;CF

MW4F+8 

!
Z(J],#LP^ =S#UA5BH@UMOA[I*AIUXYQVIOPH@15!S0=9<@=;6

TWI7WS2XI-FM=I!C?H+;SQ8%)$2'5+Z#DKG:N
MYRKCS:PRWOXN:-T6^/N)\RB[B9-[]*W@&NXX2 #]7P+]\JJ040^/1X7.:G$D




R+)&30

M8:Y[BC




M-.4)P2BG








&&CZ2QAS'[J;+_U)4[KKE!VXG-YL
MG7J$D)%B;NSWPE'OV






M/._B:/T$D@WZ8O
D6E9_)5Q=HTPSRO(OO!06%#W%5P!Q-AOT]R5VP0C#(W**

M7NPJUH?^((CV'^4X7\:E^Q!B]WW

\F)'XV)3*TA)




MF






_L%
M


ML'?[&+




+.K(06N=EOM4X5Z?0W3OU@*B=\






MCDL#D!V=L[75P4E&N69O+Z?UR/B3%O#H1I5 *G!GAES<P2V\+5J

$KX'LI 2^(T\#I[^

M+-(:#V2:VKOW









M

N6V(Y3@LUW0XK1FMQ@%;V%1^L0WRZIH2
MKLY[@PT'ZR#.EMU]A.NHR!M2^-0?W...B75
[)B
CMC9HS! 8IT=P^D83L=P

=&#F







[2P^A8*Z)KBR2G'4Z*GJ%/%(L-
M6TRCV!J%N^M86^4:_@#\&$GMXOP[OY\6[3588V ?P#9.]M*ZX%$4ZZMG52$:



M;Z;,]O.=11N8)HSDR[O&M;@9CGS[N+IV'P#IJ+IV/&TQ58SCB:3G_4A(G.


2*1?K8?4P9 7$6]J4[6:P@@[WG$*

MXK+W8OT?K
D^2^LOE
M1L&*=G?\H^



M(#VX4&]&

MK2=U73BNT7&-CFMT7*

6HVX^Z74$(XQML=T

AV7
MZ;A


Q^XZ=/
4]

MFCN[SJ P7
$Y.&.YJA60'U/%D[C



M9YIJU;X*TT9^#X6[ZWC1

HF
43W&-

T4T7K0':?KYI2KB[
MDY^

Y+




I)SF8W<;(_B+<1@B0O3B(ZH]BG#WV(P2+;#\!4[YYH4KW^_

M/EK!
D++R)



$/%:SX\%)NK^+^


9L.[G

T;B(@H-?OD00ZS;[HZ-V2@







)L5?JVJ(!I6$:K@F?&?6=


N9=F
MPWP+PB7V7

!!JU:H?$L




M*SA48^V8*

GASK%









4     \A%)(+M]'_-VN  #!-@H %
M@ &H

34Q

34Q
C(V7W!R92YX


