

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-20-041944
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200219
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BOSTON BEER CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000949870
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				043284048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14092
		FILM NUMBER:		20630150
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DESIGN CENTER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 850
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-368-5056
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DESIGN CENTER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 850
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210















open to all union employees who are covered by the Company's collective bargaining agreement with Teamsters Local Union No. 1199 (Local Union 1199)
 or persons on leave from the Company who are employed by Local Union 1199
In September 2017
 the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) commenced an examination of the Company's 2015 consolidated corporate income tax return. The examination was completed in July 2018 resulting in a no change report. As of December 28
 2019
 the Company's 2016
 2017
During the second
 third and forth quarter of 2019
 the Company recorded $X million
 $X million and $X million in non-reoccurring transaction fees related to the Dogfish Head Transaction
During the third quarter of 2018
Washington
 D.C. 20549 



December 28
 2019



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC.












One Design Center Place

 
(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
 including area code) 


















Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
&#8221; and &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; in Rule 
















































If an emerging growth company
3

As of February&#160;14
 2020

481
2
672
Certain parts of the registrant&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2020 Annual Meeting to be held on May&#160;14
THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
FOR THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER&#160;28
 2019 



































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities























































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance























Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence







































Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules































The Boston Beer Company
 alcoholic beverage company and one of the largest craft brewers in the United States. In fiscal 2019
 Boston Beer sold approximately 5.3&#160;million barrels of its proprietary products
 Twisted Tea
 Truly Hard Seltzer
 Hard Cider
 Craft Brewery
 Alcoholic Kombucha
Boston Beer produces alcohol beverages including malt beverages (&#8220;beers&#8221;)
 hard seltzer and hard cider at Company-owned breweries and its cidery and under contract arrangements at other brewery locations. The four primary Company-owned breweries are focused on production and research and development and include breweries located in Boston
 Massachusetts (the &#8220;Boston Brewery&#8221;)
 Cincinnati
 Ohio (the &#8220;Cincinnati Brewery&#8221;)
 Milton
 Delaware (the &#8220;Milton Brewery&#8221;) and Breinigsville
 Pennsylvania (the &#8220;Pennsylvania Brewery&#8221;). These breweries
 with the exception of the Pennsylvania Brewery
The Company also owns five smaller local breweries that are mainly focused on brewing and packaging beers for retail sales on site at tap rooms and gift shops
 restaurant activities
 developing innovative and traditional beers and in some cases
 supporting draft and package accounts in the respective local market areas. These local breweries are located in Boston
 Massachusetts (the &#8220;Samuel Adams Boston Downtown Tap Room&#8221;)
 Rehoboth
 Delaware ( &#8220;Dogfish Head Brewing and Eats&#8221;)
 Los Angeles
 California (the &#8220;Angel City Brewery&#8221;)
 Miami
 Florida (the &#8220;Concrete Beach Brewery&#8221;) and Brooklyn
In addition
 the Company owns an apple orchard and cidery located in Walden
 New York (the &#8220;Orchard&#8221; and &#8220;Cidery&#8221;)
 a restaurant in Rehoboth
 Delaware (&#8220;Chesapeake&#160;&amp; Maine&#8221;) and a boutique inn in Lewes
The Company&#8217;s principal executive offices are located at One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02210
Before Prohibition
 the United States beer industry consisted of hundreds of small breweries that brewed full-flavored beers. After the end of Prohibition
 most domestic brewers shifted production to less flavorful
 lighter beers
 which use lower-cost ingredients
 and can be mass-produced to take advantage of economies of scale in production. This shift towards mass-produced beers coincided with consolidation in the beer industry that by 2008 ultimately resulted in the two largest breweries
 Anheuser-Busch InBev (&#8220;AB InBev&#8221;) and Molson Coors Beverage Company (&#8220;Molson Coors&#8221;)
 comprising over 90% of all United States domestic beer production
 excluding imports. During the last twenty years the number of breweries in the United States has increased significantly from approximately 1
500 in 2009 to over 8
000 in 2019. Most of these new breweries are craft (small and independent) brewers. The rise of craft breweries along with the growth of imported beers has resulted in a significant decline in the volume of the two largest breweries who now comprise approximately 70% of all United States domestic beer production
The Company&#8217;s beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders are primarily positioned in the market for High End beer occasions. The Company defines &#8220;High End&#8221; beers as including craft beers
 domestic specialty beers
 most imported beer
 hard cider
 flavored malt beverages and hard seltzer that are called for by a High End beer drinker occasion. High End beers and beer occasions (the &#8220;High End category&#8221;) are determined by higher price
 quality
 image and taste
annual growth over the past ten years. The Company believes that the High End category is positioned to increase market share
 as drinkers continue to trade up in taste and quality. Boston Beer is one of the largest suppliers in the High End category in the United States. The Company estimates that in 2019 the High End category percentage volume growth was approximately 11%
 with the craft beer category volume growth approximately 5%
The domestic beer industry
 excluding the High End category
 has experienced a decline in shipment volume over the last twenty years. The Company believes that this decline is due to declining alcohol consumption per person in the population
 drinkers trading up to drink high quality
 more flavorful beers
The Company&#8217;s Twisted Tea products compete within the flavored malt beverage (&#8220;FMB&#8221;) category of the beer industry (and the Company&#8217;s Twisted Tea products are included in generic references to the Company&#8217;s &#8220;beers&#8221; in this report). The Company believes that the FMB category comprises approximately 4% of United States beer consumption and that the volume comprising the FMB category grew approximately 2% in 2019. This category is highly competitive due to
 among other factors
The Company&#8217;s Angry Orchard ciders compete within the hard cider category that has similar characteristics to the beer industry. The Company believes that the hard cider category comprises less than 1% of United States beer consumption. This category is small and highly competitive and includes large international and domestic competitors
 as well as many small regional and local hard cider companies. The hard cider category experienced very fast growth until a slowing beginning in 2015
The Company&#8217;s business goal is to become the leading supplier in the High End category by creating and offering high quality alcohol beverages. With the support of a large
 well-trained sales organization and world-class brewers
 the Company strives to achieve this goal by offering great beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders
 and increasing brand availability and awareness through traditional media and digital advertising

On May&#160;8
 2019
 the Company entered into definitive agreements to acquire Dogfish Head Brewery (&#8220;Dogfish Head&#8221;) and various related operations (the &#8220;Transaction&#8221;)
 Way LLC
 the parent holding company of the Dogfish Head operations. In accordance with these agreements
 the Company made a payment of $158.4&#160;million
 which was placed in escrow pending the satisfaction of certain closing conditions. The Transaction closed on July&#160;3
 2019
 for total consideration of $336.0&#160;million consisting of $173.0&#160;million in cash and 429
291 shares of restricted Class&#160;A Common Stock that had an aggregate market value as of July&#160;3
 2019 of $163.0&#160;million
 after taking into account a post-closing cash related adjustment. As required under the definitive agreements
 127
146 of the 429
291 shares of restricted Class&#160;A Stock were placed in escrow and will be released no later than July&#160;3
These shares had a market value on July&#160;3
 2019 of $48.3&#160;million. The timing of the release of these escrowed shares is primarily related to the continued employment with the Company of Samuel A. Calagione III
 one of the two Dogfish Head founders. As part of the transaction
The results of operations from Dogfish Head have been included in the Company&#8217;s consolidated statements of operations since the July&#160;3
 2019 Transaction closing date. During the period from July&#160;3
 2019 to December&#160;28
 2019
 costs incurred and to be incurred as a result of the Transaction will total approximately $12.0&#160;million. Of this total
 $10.0&#160;million had been expensed as of December&#160;28
 costs. Of the $10.0&#160;million costs incurred
Consistent with prior periods and considering post-merger reporting structures
 the Company will continue to report as one operating segment. The combined Company&#8217;s brands are predominantly beverages that are manufactured using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content
 generally fall under the same regulatory environment
The Company&#8217;s Beer
The Company&#8217;s beers
 hard seltzers and hard cider are sold by the Company&#8217;s sales force to the same types of customers and drinkers in similar size quantities
 at similar price points and through substantially the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar production processes
The Company&#8217;s strategy is to create and offer a world-class variety of traditional and innovative alcohol beverages. The Samuel Adams
 Twisted Tea
 Truly Hard Seltzer
 Angry Orchard brands are all available nationally
 while Dogfish Head is currently available in over 45 states and is expected to be available nationally during the first half of 2020. Local breweries brands focus on local and regional distribution and tap rooms. The Samuel Adams brand began in 1984 and the brand is recognized as one of the largest and most respected craft beer brands with a particular focus on lagers and seasonal beers. The Twisted Tea brand family has grown each year since the product was first introduced in 2001 and has established a loyal drinker following. In 2016
 the Company began national distribution of the Truly Hard Seltzer brand and it maintained its place as one of the leading brands in the hard seltzer category in 2019. The Angry Orchard brand family was launched in the second half of 2011 in several markets and achieved national distribution in 2012. Since 2013
 Angry Orchard has been the largest selling hard cider in the United States. The Dogfish Head brand is recognized as one of the most innovative and respected craft beer brands with a particular focus on India Pale Ales (&#8220;IPAs&#8221;) and sour beers. A&amp;S Brewing had three brands in 2019
 Angel City
 retailers
 which include bars
 restaurants
 stadiums and other venues. Bottles
 retailers
 which include grocery stores
 club stores
 convenience stores and liquor stores.
 Samuel Adams Summer Ale
 Samuel Adams OctoberFest
Winter Lager. The majority of the promotional and distribution efforts for the Samuel Adams brand family are focused on Samuel Adams Boston Lager and the Samuel Adams Seasonal program of beers in various bottle
 can and keg packages. After some test launches in late 2017
 the Company began the national launch in the first quarter of 2018 of Samuel Adams Sam &#8217;76
 a revolutionary beer that is a uniquely flavorful lager. Later in 2018 and on a more limited basis
 the Company launched Samuel Adams New England IPA
Certain Samuel Adams beers may be produced only at select times during the year and solely for inclusion in the Company&#8217;s seasonal variety packs that are available nationally. Additionally
 beginning in 2011 the Company began limited releases of certain seasonal beers. In 2019
 these limited seasonal release beers included Samuel Adams Bavarian Lager
 Samuel Adams Porch Rocker
 IPA family include various styles of beer that are an important part of the Company&#8217;s portfolio and heritage
 but currently receive limited promotional support and distribution. The Company also releases a variety of specialty package and draft beers brewed in limited quantities for festivals and Beer Week celebrations and at its Samuel Adams Downtown Boston Tap Room
The Company offers eleven styles of flavored malt beverages in the Twisted Tea brand family
The Company offers seventeen styles of hard seltzer in the Truly brand family most of which are available nationally in the United States. The majority of the promotional and distribution efforts for the Truly brand family are focused on sleek can variety packages which include Truly Berry Mix Pack
 Truly Citrus Mix Pack
The Company offers twenty-five styles of hard cider in the Angry Orchard brand family most of which are available nationally in the United States. The majority of the promotional and distribution efforts for the Angry Orchard brand family are focused on Angry Orchard Crisp Apple
 Angry Orchard Ros&#233; and Angry Orchard Crisp Unfiltered in various bottle
The Company offers over 25 styles of beer in the Dogfish Head brand family. The Company is in the process of increasing distribution from over 45 states to full national distribution in the United States. The Dogfish Head brand began in 1993 and it is recognized as an early leader in bringing culinary innovations to the U.S. craft beer market. The majority of the promotional and distribution efforts for the Dogfish Head brand family are focused on continually-hopped Dogfish Head 60 Minute and 90 Minute IPAs along with Dogfish Head SeaQuench
 an innovative session sour
 and Dogfish Head Slightly Mighty a low calorie IPA. These four styles are offered in various can
The Company continually evaluates the performance of its various beer
 hard seltzer and hard cider products and the rationalization of its product line as a whole. Periodically
The Company has a proven track record of innovation and building new brands and is committed to maintaining its position as a leading innovator. To that end
 the Company continually tests new beers
ciders and other alcohol beverages and may sell them under various brand labels for evaluation of drinker interest. The Boston Brewery
 the Milton Brewery and the Orchard
 along with its other larger breweries and brewery tap rooms spend significant time ideating
In the last two years
 the Company introduced new styles
 flavors and packages which include Angry Orchard Ros&#233;
 Truly Berry Variety Pack
 Truly Tropical Variety Pack
 Sam&#8217;76
 Samuel Adams New England IPA
 Angry Orchard Crisp Unfiltered and Dogfish Head Slightly Mighty
 as well as new brands which include Wild Leaf Hard Tea
 a craft hard tea
 and Tura Alcoholic Kombucha
 an alcoholic kombucha tea. Many of these new product innovations are within the top product introductions in their respective categories. The Company is currently in the early stages of the national launch of the Truly Lemonade Hard Seltzer Variety Pack
 an innovative hard seltzer with a robust flavor
In 2013
 research effort to develop a beer can to improve the experience of the beer drinker who chooses to drink from a can. The features of this custom Sam can include a wider lid with an opening slightly further from the edge of the lid
 an extended lip and an hourglass ridge
 all of which features are believed by the Company to enhance the craft beer drinker&#8217;s experience relative to a traditional beverage can. Currently
 Samuel Adams Boston Lager
 Samuel Adams Seasonal beers
 Samuel Adams Sam &#8217;76
 Samuel Adams New England IPA
Sales
As dictated by the legal and regulatory environment
 most all of the Company&#8217;s sales are made to a network of over 400 wholesalers in the United States and to a network of foreign wholesalers
 importers or other agencies (collectively referred to as &#8220;Distributors&#8221;). These Distributors
 in turn
 sell the products to retailers
 such as grocery stores
 club stores
 convenience stores
 liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants
 stadiums and other retail outlets
 where the products are sold to drinkers
 The Company sells its products predominantly in the United States
 but also has markets in Canada
 Europe
 Israel
 Australia
 New Zealand
 the Caribbean
 the Pacific Rim
 Mexico
With few exceptions
 the Company&#8217;s products are not the primary brands in its Distributors&#8217; portfolios. Thus
 the Company
 in addition to competing with other beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders for a share of the drinker&#8217;s business
 competes with other brewers for a share of the Distributor&#8217;s attention
 time and selling efforts. During 2019
 the Company&#8217;s largest Distributor accounted for approximately 2% of the Company&#8217;s gross sales. The top three Distributors collectively accounted for approximately 6% of the Company&#8217;s gross sales. In some states and countries
 the Company&#8217;s contracts with its Distributors may be affected by laws that restrict the enforcement of some contract terms
Most products are shipped within days of packaging
In an effort to reduce both the time and temperature the Company&#8217;s beers experience at Distributor warehouses before reaching the retail market
 service
 forecasting and production planning
 substantially reducing Distributor inventory levels. At the close of its 2019 fiscal year
 the Company had Distributors representing approximately 73% of the Company&#8217;s domestic volume participating in the Program. The Company has successfully reduced the inventories of participating Distributors in the aggregate by approximately two weeks
In 2018 and 2019
 in response to anticipated supply chain constraints and demand forecasts driven by the Truly Hard Seltzer and Twisted Tea brands
 the Company began working with certain Distributors on plans to increase Distributor inventories of these brands to ensure that drinker demand can be met during seasonal peaks during the summer months. The Company believes distributor inventory as of December&#160;28
 2019 averaged approximately 4 weeks on hand and was at an appropriate level
Boston Beer has a sales force of approximately 430 people
 which the Company believes is one of the largest in the domestic beer industry. The Company&#8217;s sales organization is designed to develop and strengthen relations at the Distributor
 retailer and drinker levels by providing educational and promotional programs. The Company&#8217;s sales force has a high level of product knowledge and is trained in the details of the brewing and selling processes. Sales representatives typically carry samples of the Company&#8217;s beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders
 certain ingredients
 such as hops and barley
 and other promotional materials to educate wholesale and retail buyers about the quality and taste of the Company&#8217;s products. The Company has developed strong relationships with its Distributors and retailers
The Company also engages in media campaigns &#8212; including television
 radio
 digital and social media
 billboards and print. These media efforts are complemented by participation in sponsorships
 which currently include the National Hockey League
 the Boston Red Sox
 the Kentucky Derby
 the Boston Marathon
 local beer festivals
 industry-related trade shows and promotional events at local establishments
 items (banners
 neon signs
 umbrellas
 glassware
 display pieces
. In partnership with ACCION
 micro-lenders
 the program supports small business owners in the food
 beverage
 and brewing industries through access to business capital
 coaching
 and new market opportunities. The goal is to help strengthen small businesses
 create local jobs and build vibrant communities. Since the inception of the Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream program in 2008
 the Company and ACCION have worked together to loan more than $36&#160;million to more than 2
300 small business owners who have subsequently repaid these loans at a rate of more than 96%. The loan repayments received are reinvested into the program. Boston Beer employees
 together with local business partners and community organizations
 have provided coaching and mentoring to more than 11
000 business owners across the country. These efforts have helped to create or maintain more than 8
 varieties of barley used in the Company&#8217;s malt are mainly grown in the United States and Canada. The 2019 North American barley crop
 which will support 2020 malt needs
 was generally consistent with historical long-term averages with regard to both quality and quantity
. The Company uses Noble hop varieties from Europe for many of its Samuel Adams beers and also uses hops grown in the other areas of Europe
 and in the United States
 England and New Zealand. Noble hops are grown in several specific areas recognized for growing hops with superior taste and aroma properties. These noble hops include Hallertau-Hallertauer
 Tettnang-Tettnanger and Spalt-Spalter from Germany and Saaz from the Czech Republic. The United States hops
 grown primarily in the Pacific Northwest
 namely Cascade
 Palisade
 Simcoe
 Centennial
 Chinook
 Citra
 Amarillo
 are used in certain Company ales and lagers
 as are the Southern Hemisphere hop varieties
 Galaxy and Nelson Sauvin. Traditional English hops
 namely
 East Kent Goldings and Fuggles
 are also used in certain Company ales. Other hop sources and varieties including new experimental varieties
 such as Lotus
 hop pellets
The European hop crop harvested in 2019 was consistent with historical long term averages in both quality and quantity. The United States hop crop harvested in 2019 was consistent with historical long term averages in quality
 with an increase in overall quantity driven by expansion of planted acres in recent years. However
 the demand for certain hops grown in the United States has risen dramatically due to the success and proliferation of craft brewers and the popularity of beer styles that include hop varieties grown in the United States
The Company enters into purchase commitments with nine primary hop dealers
 based on the Company&#8217;s projected future volumes and brewing needs. The dealers either have the hops that are committed or will contract with farmers to meet the Company&#8217;s needs. The contracts with the hop dealers are denominated in Euros for the German and Czech Republic hops
 in Pounds Sterling for some English hops
For the hop crop harvested in 2019
 the Company expects to realize full delivery on European
 in order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply and procures hops needed for new beers
The Company believes it has adequate inventory and commitments for all hop varieties. This belief is based on expected volume and beer style mix
The Company uses multiple yeast strains for production of its beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders.&#160;While some strains are commercially available
 other strains are proprietary. Since the proprietary strains cannot be replaced if destroyed
The Company uses special varieties and origins of apples in its hard ciders that it believes are important for their flavor profiles. In 2019
 these apples were sourced primarily from Europe and the United States and include bittersweet apples from France and culinary apples from Italy
 Washington State and New York. Purchases and commitments are denominated in Euros for European apples and US Dollars for United States apples. There is limited availability of some of these apple varieties
 and many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 growers rotating from apples to other crops
 competitor demand
 government regulation and legislation affecting agriculture
 could affect both price and supply. The 2019 apple crop in Europe for certain regions was lower than historical long-term averages
The Company uses the apple varieties harvested at the Company-owned Orchard in Walden
. The Company maintains competitive sources for the supply of certain packaging materials
 such as cans
 glass and shipping cases. The Company enters into limited-term supply agreements with certain vendors in order to receive preferential pricing. In 2019
 crowns and labels were each supplied by a single source; however
Truly Hard Seltzer beverages are primarily packaged in sleek cans. During 2018 and 2019
 as the Truly brand family grew significantly and the Company experienced supply pressures on sleek cans. The demand for sleek cans in the beverage industry has significantly increased and there has been a shortage of capacity
The Company initiates bottle deposits in some states and reuses glass bottles that are returned pursuant to certain state bottle recycling laws. The Company derives some economic benefit from its reuse of returned glass bottles. The financial impact of reusing glass varies based on the costs of collection
 sorting and handling
 and arrangements with retailers
As of December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company employed over sixteen brewmasters to monitor the Company&#8217;s brewing operations and control the production of its beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders both at Company-owned breweries and at the third-party breweries at which the Company&#8217;s products are brewed. Extensive tests
 tastings and evaluations are typically required to ensure that each batch of the Company&#8217;s beers
With the exception of the Dogfish Head brand and certain specialty products
 the Company includes a clearly legible &#8220;freshness&#8221; code on every bottle
 can and keg of its beers
 hard seltzer and hard ciders
During 2019
 the Company brewed
 fermented and packaged approximately 74% of its volume at breweries owned by the Company. The Company made capital investments in 2019 of approximately $94&#160;million
which represented investments in the Company&#8217;s breweries. These investments were made to drive efficiencies and cost reductions and support product innovation and future growth. Based on its current estimates of future volumes and mix
 the Company expects to invest between $135&#160;million and $155&#160;million in 2020 to meet those estimates. Because actual capital investments are highly dependent on meeting demand
The Pennsylvania Brewery
 the Cincinnati Brewery and the Milton Brewery produce most of the Company&#8217;s shipment volume. The Pennsylvania Brewery is the Company&#8217;s largest brewery and the Cincinnati Brewery is the primary brewery for the production of most of the Company&#8217;s specialty
Production and retail activities at the eight local breweries and tap rooms
 which include the Samuel Adams Downtown Boston Tap Room
 Samuel Adams Boston Brewery Tap Room
 Samuel Adams Cincinnati Brewery Tap Room
 Dogfish Head Brewing and Eats
 Dogfish Head Milton Brewery Tasting Room and the three A&amp;S Brewing breweries is mainly for brewing and packaging beers for retail sales on site at tap rooms and gift shops
 restaurant activities
The Company carefully selects breweries and packaging facilities owned by others with: (i)&#160;the capability of utilizing traditional brewing
 fermenting and finishing methods; (ii)&#160;first-rate quality control capabilities throughout the process: and (iii)&#160;sleek can packaging and automated variety packaging capability and capacity. Under its brewing and packaging arrangements with third parties
 the Company is charged a service fee based on units produced at each of the facilities and bears the costs of raw materials
 risk
 excise taxes and deposits for pallets and kegs and specialized equipment required to produce and package the Company&#8217;s beverages. The Company currently has a brewing services agreement with subsidiaries of City Brewing Company
 LLC (&#8220;City Brewing&#8221;). During 2018 and 2019
 the Company amended the brewing services agreement to include a minimum capacity availability commitment by City Brewing. The amendment grants the Company the right to extend the agreement beyond the December&#160;31
 2021 termination date on an annual basis through December&#160;31
 2029. The amendments require the Company to pay up to $26.5&#160;million dollars for capital improvements at City Brewing facilities of which $20.5&#160;million has been paid as of December&#160;28
 2019 and the remaining amount of $6.0&#160;million is expected to be paid in May 2020. During 2019
The Company&#8217;s International business is supplied by breweries owned by the Company
 under brewing and packaging agreements that may include packaging bulk shipments of beer and hard cider
While the Company believes that it has alternatives available to it
 in the event that production at any of its locations is interrupted
 severe interruptions at the Pennsylvania Brewery or City Brewing would be problematic
 especially in seasonal peak periods. In addition
 the Company may not be able to maintain its current economics
 if interruptions were to occur
 and could face significant delays in starting up replacement production locations. Potential interruptions at breweries include labor issues
 governmental actions
 quality issues
 contractual disputes
 machinery failures
 operational shutdowns
 or natural or other unavoidable catastrophes. Also
 as the brewing industry has consolidated and the Company has grown
 the capacity and willingness of breweries owned by others where the Company could produce some of its beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders
 if necessary
The High End category within the United States is highly competitive due to large domestic and international brewers and the increasing number of craft brewers in this category who distribute similar products that have similar pricing and target drinkers. The Company expects competition and innovation among domestic craft brewers to remain strong
 as the number of craft brewers continues to grow. The Company estimates there are over 8
000 breweries in operation
 up from approximately 1
500 operating breweries in 2009. Most of these new breweries are craft (small and independent) brewers. Also
 existing craft breweries are building more capacity
 adding additional local tap rooms
Imported beers
 such as Corona
 Heineken
 Modelo Especial
 continue to compete aggressively in the United States and have gained market share over the last ten years. Heineken and Constellation Brands (owner of the United States Distribution rights to Corona and Modelo Especial) may have substantially greater financial resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company. The two largest brewers in the United States
 AB InBev and Molson Coors
 participate actively in the High End category
 both through importing and distributing foreign brands that compete in the High End category and with their own domestic specialty beers
 either by developing new brands or by acquiring
 in whole or part
 existing craft breweries. In addition
There have been numerous announcements of acquisitions of or investments in craft brewers by larger breweries and private equity and other investors. Most recently a unit of global brewer Kirin Holdings Co. announced the acquisition of New Belgium Brewing
 the fourth largest craft brewer
 for a reported amount of $350 to $400&#160;million. Earlier in 2019
 global brewer Mahou San Miguel increased its ownership of Founders Brewing Co. from 30% to 90% for a reported valuation of approximately $300&#160;million. The most significant acquisitions in the last few years include Heineken&#8217;s acquisition of Lagunitas Brewing Company for approximately $1&#160;billion
 Constellation Brands&#8217; acquisition of Ballast Point Brewing&#160;&amp; Spirits for approximately $1&#160;billion
 AB InBev&#8217;s purchase of multiple craft breweries
 including Elysian Brewing Company
 Golden Road Brewing
 Four Peaks Brewing Company
 Breckenridge Brewing
 Devils Backbone
 Karbach
 Wicked Weed
 Platform Beer and Craft Brew Alliance
 and Molson Coors&#8217; purchase of multiple craft breweries
 including Hop Valley Brewing
 Saint Archer Brewery and Revolver Brewing. AB InBev also acquired Spiked Seltzer
The Company&#8217;s products also compete with other alcoholic beverages for drinker attention and consumption and the pace of innovation in the categories in which the Company competes is increasing. In recent years
 wine and spirits have been competing more directly with beers. The Company monitors such activity and attempts to develop strategies which benefit from the drinker&#8217;s interest in trading up
 in order to position its beers
The Company competes with other beer and alcoholic beverage companies within a three-tier distribution system. The Company competes for a share of the Distributor&#8217;s attention
 time and selling efforts. In retail establishments
 the Company competes for shelf
 cold box and tap space. From a drinker perspective
 competition exists for brand acceptance and loyalty. The principal factors of competition in the market for High End beer occasions include product quality and taste
 brand advertising and imagery
 trade and drinker promotions
 pricing
The Company distributes its products through independent Distributors who also distribute competitors&#8217; products. Certain brewers have contracts with their Distributors that impose requirements on the Distributors that are intended to maximize the Distributors&#8217; attention
The Company has certain competitive advantages over the local and regional craft brewers
 including a long history of awards for product quality
 greater available resources and the ability to distribute and promote its products on a more cost-effective basis. Additionally
 the Company believes it has competitive advantages over imported beers
 including lower transportation costs
 higher product quality
The Company&#8217;s Twisted Tea product line competes primarily within the FMB category of the beer industry. FMBs
 such as Twisted Tea
 Mike&#8217;s Hard Lemonade
 Smirnoff Ice
 Ritas
 Apple Ale
 Seagrams Escapes
 Arnold Palmer Spiked are flavored malt beverages that are typically priced competitively with High End beers. As noted earlier
 this category is highly competitive due to
 among other factors
 the presence of large brewers and spirits companies in the category
The Company&#8217;s Truly Hard Seltzer beverages compete within the hard seltzer category. This category has been growing quickly since 2016
 is highly competitive and includes large international and domestic competitors. Hard seltzers are typically priced competitively with High End beers and may compete for drinkers with beer
 wine
 spirits
 or FMBs. Some of these competitors include Mark Anthony Brands under the brand name &#8220;White Claw&#8221;; ABInBev under &#8220;Bon&#160;&amp; Viv&#8217;s&#8221; and &#8220;Natural Light Seltzer&#8221;; Diageo under &#8220;Smirnoff Spiked Sparkling Seltzer&#8221;; and MolsonCoors under &#8220;Henry&#8217;s Hard Sparkling Water&#8221;. The Company expects numerous additional entrants in the hard seltzer category during 2020
 as the category continues to develop distribution and drinker awareness. Most significantly
 ABInbev introduced and launched nationally &#8220;Bud Light Hard Seltzer&#8221; in January 2020 and Constellation has announced that &#8220;Corona Hard Seltzer&#8221; will be introduced and launched nationally in Spring 2020. In addition
The Company&#8217;s Angry Orchard product line competes within the hard cider category. As noted earlier
 this category is small and highly competitive and includes large international and domestic competitors
 as well as many small regional and local hard cider companies. Hard ciders are typically priced competitively with High End Beers and may compete for drinkers with beer
 wine
 spirits
 or FMBs. Some of these competitors include C&amp;C Group PLC under the brand names &#8216;Woodchuck&#8217;
 &#8216;Magners&#8217; and &#8216;Hornsby&#8217;s&#8217;; Heineken under the brand names &#8216;Strongbow&#8217;; AB InBev under &#8216;Stella Cidre&#8217; and &#8216;Virtue Cider&#8217; and MillerCoors under the brand names &#8216;Smith&#160;&amp; Forge Hard Cider&#8217; and &#8216;Crispin Cider&#8217;. In recent years
 regional and local cideries
 including &#8216;Bold Rock&#8217; and &#8216;Austin East Ciders&#8217;
The alcoholic beverage industry is regulated by federal
 state and local governments. These regulations govern the production
 sale and distribution of alcoholic beverages
 including permitting
 licensing
 marketing and advertising. To operate its production facilities
 the Company must obtain and maintain numerous permits
 licenses and approvals from various governmental agencies
 including but not limited to
 the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (the &#8220;TTB&#8221;)
 the Food and Drug Administration
Governmental entities may levy various taxes
 license fees and other similar charges and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Beginning in 2018
 as a result of the &#8220;Tax Cuts and Jobs Act&#8221;
 the Company&#8217;s federal excise tax rate on beer and hard seltzer is $16 per barrel on all barrels below 6&#160;million barrels produced annually. The top tier rate on hard cider (with alcohol by volume of 8.5% or less) is $0.226 per gallon
 fermentable fruits) is $1.07 per gallon
 and on artificially carbonated wine (hard cider with high CO2 levels) is $3.30 per gallon. Prior to 2018
 the federal excise tax on beer and hard seltzer was $18 per barrel
 on hard cider (with alcohol by volume of 8.5% or less) was $0.226 per gallon
 fermentable fruits) was $1.07 per gallon
wine (hard cider with high CO2 levels) was $3.30 per gallon. These lower rates for beer
 hard seltzer and hard cider were extended in December 2019 and currently expire at the end of 2020. States levy excise taxes at varying rates based on the type of beverage and alcohol content. Failure by the Company to comply with applicable federal
 state or local laws and regulations could result in higher taxes
 penalties
 fees and suspension or revocation of permits
 licenses or approvals. While there can be no assurance that any such regulatory action would not have a material adverse effect upon the Company or its operating results
The Company has obtained trademark registrations with the United States Patent and Trademark Office for over 450 trademarks
 including Samuel Adams
 Sam Adams
 Samuel Adams Boston Lager
 Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream
 Twisted Tea
 Truly Hard Seltzer
 Angry Orchard
 Dogfish Head
 Coney Island
 Angel City Brewery
 Concrete Beach
 Wild Leaf
Environmental
The Company&#8217;s operations are subject to a variety of extensive and changing federal
 state and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws
 regulations and ordinances that govern activities or operations that may have adverse effects on human health or the environment. Environmental laws
 regulations or ordinances may impose liability for the cost of remediation of
 and for certain damages resulting from
 sites of past releases of hazardous materials. The Company believes that it currently conducts
 and in the past has conducted
 its activities and operations in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws
As part of its efforts to be environmentally friendly
 the Company has adopted a number of practices designed to improve recycling and reduce waste
 and utilities consumption at its breweries. The Company also continues to reuse its glass bottles returned from certain states that have bottle deposit bills. The Company believes that it benefits economically from washing and reusing these bottles
 which result in a lower cost than purchasing new glass
 and that it benefits the environment by the reduction in landfill usage
 the reduction of usage of raw materials and the lower utility costs for reusing bottles versus producing new bottles. The economics of using recycled glass varies based on the cost of collection
 sorting and handling
 and may be affected by local regulation
 retailer
 Distributor
 and glass dealer behavior. There is no guarantee that the current economics of using returned glass will continue
The Company has adopted various policies and procedures intended to ensure that its facilities meet occupational health and safety requirements. The Company believes that it currently is in compliance with applicable requirements and will continue to endeavor to remain in compliance. There can be no assurances
 however
 that new and more restrictive requirements might not be adopted
 compliance with which might have a material
 adverse financial effect on the Company and its operating results
As of December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company employed 2
128 people
unions
 with one contract that covers 66 employees expiring in 2025
 one contract expiring in 2020
 contains at Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 the certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 respectively


 on the Company&#8217;s investor relations website at 
 or upon written request to Investor Relations
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02210.



10-K

 or which it currently deems immaterial
 or which are similar to those faced by other companies in its industry or business in general. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occurs
 the Company&#8217;s business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows would likely suffer. In that event
The market for High End beer occasions within the United States is highly competitive
 due to the increasing number of domestic and international beverage companies with similar pricing and target drinkers
 gains in market share achieved by domestic specialty beers and imported beers
 the acquisition of craft brewers by larger brewers and the introduction and expansion of hard seltzers. Some of the largest of these competitors include AB InBev
 Molson Coors
 Constellation
 Heineken and Mark Anthony Brands as they acquire craft brewers or introduce new domestic specialty brands and hard seltzers to many markets and expand their efforts behind existing brands. Imported beers
 such as Corona
 Heineken
 Modelo Especial
 also continue to compete aggressively in the United States beer market. The Company anticipates competition among domestic craft brewers will remain strong
 as many local craft brewers continue to experience growth and there were many new startups in 2019. The Company estimates there are now over 8
000 breweries in operation up from approximately 1
500 breweries in 2009. Also
 existing breweries are building more capacity
 adding additional local tap rooms
 expanding geographically and adding more SKUs and styles. The continued growth in the sales of craft-brewed domestic beers
 imported beers and hard seltzers is expected to increase the competition in the market for High End beer occasions within the United States and
 as a result
The Company&#8217;s products compete generally with other alcoholic beverages. The Company competes with other beer and beverage companies not only for drinker acceptance and loyalty
 but also for shelf
 cold box and tap space in retail establishments and for marketing focus by the Company&#8217;s Distributors and their customers
 all of which also distribute and sell other beers and alcoholic beverage products. Many of the Company&#8217;s competitors
 including AB InBev
 Molson Coors
 Heineken and Constellation Brands
 have substantially greater financial resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company. Moreover
Further
 the beer industry has seen continued consolidation among brewers in order to take advantage of cost savings opportunities for supplies
 distribution and operations. Illustrative of this consolidation is AB InBev&#8217;s $107&#160;billion purchase of SAB Miller and the related sale by SAB Miller to Molson Coors of its 58% share of the MillerCoors joint venture with Molson Coors
 as well as Heineken&#8217;s acquisition of Lagunitas Brewing Company for approximately $1&#160;billion. Also
 in the last few years
 both AB InBev and Molson Coors have purchased multiple regional craft breweries with the intention to expand the capacity and distribution of these breweries. Due to the increased leverage that these combined operations will have in distribution and sales and marketing expenses
 the costs to the Company of competing could increase. The potential also exists for these large competitors to increase their influence with their Distributors
 making it difficult for smaller brewers to maintain their market presence or enter new markets. The continuing consolidation could also reduce the contract brewing capacity that is available to the Company. These potential increases in the number and availability of competing brands
 the costs to compete
From 2015 to 2017
 the Company experienced a decline in the demand for its products
 as craft beer growth rates slowed and the hard cider category declined. In 2018 and 2019
 the Company experienced increases in demand for its products
 driven by growth in its Truly and Twisted Tea brands
 and grew 13% and 22% respectively in depletion volume compared to prior years. The Company is targeting shipment and depletion volume growth of between 15% and 25% in 2020. The Company&#8217;s ability to sustain double digit growth trends may be affected by an increasing number of competitors and markets where drinker interest is primarily in new or local products
 rather than national brands. The development of new products by the Company to meet these challenges may lead to reduced sales of the Company&#8217;s existing brands and there is no guarantee that these new product initiatives will generate stable long term volume. Additionally
 changes in the use of media and technology are changing the economics of how to market brands to drinkers and may be diminishing the traditional competitive advantage the Company may have had in buying national media relative to smaller brands. While the Company believes that a combination of innovation
 new brand messaging and exploration of new media
 and increased investment and sales execution can lead to increased demand
 there is no guarantee that the Company&#8217;s actions will be successful in maintaining the Company&#8217;s historical levels of profitability. Reduced sales
 among other factors
 could lead to lower brewery utilization
 lower funds available to invest in brand support and reduced profitability
 and these challenges may require a different mix and level of marketing investments to stabilize and grow volumes. A lower growth environment or periods of sales declines will present challenges for the Company to motivate and retain employees
 and to maintain the current levels of distributor and retailer support of its brands
 it&#8217;s current brand investment levels
 and current returns to shareholders
 and could potentially require a review of long term organization and brewery needs. Currently
The Company has incurred
 and expects to continue to incur
 significant advertising and promotional expenditures to enhance its brands. These expenditures may adversely affect the Company&#8217;s results of operations in a particular quarter or even for the full year
 and may not result in increased sales. Variations in the levels of advertising and promotional expenditures have in the past caused
 and are expected in the future to continue to cause
 variability in the Company&#8217;s quarterly results of operations. While the Company attempts to invest only in effective advertising and promotional activities
 it is difficult to correlate such investments with sales results
The alcoholic beverage industry has been the subject of considerable societal and political attention for several years
 due to public concern over alcohol-related social problems
 including driving under the influence
 underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol
 including alcoholism. As an outgrowth of these concerns
 the possibility exists that advertising by beer producers could be restricted
 that additional cautionary labeling or packaging requirements might be imposed
The domestic beer industry
 other than the market for High End beer occasions
 has experienced a slight decline in shipments over the last ten years. The Company believes that this decline is due to declining alcohol consumption per person in the population
 drinkers trading up to drink high quality
 more flavorful beers
 health and wellness trends and increased competition from wine and spirits companies. If consumption of the Company&#8217;s products in general were to come into disfavor among domestic drinkers
 or if the domestic beer industry were subjected to significant additional societal pressure or governmental regulations
Certain states are considering or have passed laws and regulations that allow the sale and distribution of marijuana. Currently it is not possible to predict the impact of this on sales of alcohol
In the United States
 where approximately 96% of its beer is sold
 the Company sells most of its alcohol beverages to independent beer Distributors for distribution to retailers and
 ultimately
 to drinkers. Although the Company currently has arrangements with over 400 Distributors
Contributing to distribution risk is the fact that the Company&#8217;s distribution agreements are generally terminable by the Distributor on relatively short notice. While these distribution agreements contain provisions giving the Company enforcement and termination rights
 some state laws prohibit the Company from exercising these contractual rights. The Company&#8217;s ability to maintain its existing distribution arrangements may be adversely affected by the fact that many of its Distributors are reliant on one of the major beer producers for a large percentage of their revenue and
 therefore
 they may be influenced by such producers. If the Company&#8217;s existing distribution agreements are terminated
 it may not be able to enter into new distribution agreements on substantially similar terms
The Company&#8217;s Recent Acquisition of Dogfish Head Involves a Number of Risks
 the Occurrence of Which Could Adversely Affect its Business
 Financial Condition
On July&#160;3
 2019
 the Company completed its acquisition of Dogfish Head Brewery and various related operations
 Way LLC
 the parent holding company of the Dogfish Head Brewery operations. The Transaction involves certain risks
 the occurrence of which could materially and adversely affect the Company&#8217;s business
 liquidity
 financial condition
 and operating results
 including:















 difficulties or delays in securing
 integrating and assimilating information
 financial systems
 internal controls
 operations
 production processes and products
 or the distribution channel for Dogfish Head&#8217;s businesses and product lines;





 suppliers
 distributors and drinkers or other adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers
 distributors and drinkers;










 if the Company&#8217;s expanded operations do not achieve the growth prospects
 net revenues
 earnings
 cost or revenue synergies
 or other financial results projected in the Company&#8217;s valuation models
 or delays in the realization thereof;










 contingent or other liabilities of the acquired operations
 unanticipated costs associated with the Transaction
 and an inability to recover or manage such liabilities and costs; and





 of significant amounts of goodwill
 intangible assets and/or other tangible assets if the Dogfish Head business does not perform in the future as expected
The Company cannot assure that it will realize the expected benefits of the Transaction or that the acquired Dogfish Head operations will be profitable. The Company&#8217;s failure to adequately manage the risks associated with the Transaction could have a material adverse effect on its business
 liquidity
In addition to the societal and political risks discussed above
 there is also no guarantee that the brand equities that the Company has built in its brands will continue to appeal to drinkers. Changes in drinker attitudes or demands
 or competitor activity and promotion
 could adversely affect the strength of the Company&#8217;s brands and the revenue that is generated from that strength. It is possible that the Company could react to such changes and reposition its brands
 but there is no certainty that the Company would be able to maintain volumes
 pricing power and profitability. It is also possible that marketing messages or other actions taken by the Company could damage its brand equities
 as opposed to building them. If such damage were to occur
In addition to these inherent brand risks
 C. James Koch
 the founder and Chairman of the Company
 as well as the founders of Dogfish Head brand
 Samuel Calagione
 Founder and Brewer
 Dogfish Head Brewery and Mariah Calagione
 Founder and Communitarian
 Dogfish Head Brewery are an integral part of the Samuel Adams and Dogfish Head brand histories
 equity and current and potential future brand messaging and the Company relies on the positive public perception of these founders. The role of these founders as founders
 brewers and leaders of the Company is emphasized as part of the Company&#8217;s brand communication and has appeal to some drinkers. If these founders were not available to the Company to continue their active roles
 their absence could negatively affect the strength of the Company&#8217;s messaging and
 accordingly
 the Company&#8217;s growth prospects. The Company and its brands may also be impacted if drinkers&#8217; views of these founders were to change negatively. If either of these were to occur
regarding its traditional brewing processes
In early 2017
 the Company&#8217;s then President and Chief Executive Officer
 Martin Roper
 announced his plans to retire in 2018 after leading the Company for more than 17 years. In the second quarter of 2018
 Dave Burwick joined as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to commencing that role
 Mr.&#160;Burwick had an established track record of innovation and business success in the beverage and consumer goods industries and had served on Boston Beer&#8217;s Board of Directors since 2005. His most recent role was Chief Executive Officer of Peet&#8217;s Coffee and prior to joining Peet&#8217;s
 Mr.&#160;Burwick served as President of North America for Weight Watchers and in numerous leadership roles over 20 years at PepsiCo
 including Chief Marketing Officer of Pepsi-Cola North America. The Company may well experience further changes in key leadership or key positions in the future. The departure of key leadership personnel
 especially a Chief Executive Officer
 can take from the Company significant knowledge and experience. This loss of knowledge and experience can be mitigated through successful hiring and transition
 but there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in such efforts. Attracting
 retaining
 integrating and developing high performance individuals in key roles is a core component of the Company&#8217;s strategy for addressing its business opportunities. Attracting and retaining qualified senior leadership may be more challenging under adverse business conditions
 such as the declining growth environment that faced the Company in prior years. Failure to attract and retain the right talent
 or to manage the transition of responsibilities resulting from such turnover smoothly
The Company has Significantly Increased its Product Offerings and Distribution Footprint
The Company has significantly increased the number of commercially available beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders that it produces.&#160;In the last five years
 the Company has introduced many new beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders under the Samuel Adams
 Twisted Tea
 Truly Hard Seltzer
 Angry Orchard and three A&amp;S Brewing brands. In early 2019
 the Company introduced new brands including Wild Leaf Hard Tea
 a craft hard tea
 and Tura Alcoholic Kombucha
 an alcoholic kombucha tea. In July 2019
 the addition of the Dogfish Head brand added over 25 styles of beer
 15 styles of distilled spirits
 two brewery tap rooms
 a restaurant and a boutique Inn. In January 2020
 the Company opened the Samuel Adams Tap Room and small brewery in downtown Boston. The Company currently operates 10 retail locations
 including eight brewery tap rooms
 a cidery tasting room and a restaurant
 where its beers
 hard seltzers
 These additional brands and locations
 along with the increases in demand for certain existing brands
 have added to the complexity of the Company&#8217;s product development process
 as well as its brewing
 fermenting
 packaging
 marketing and selling processes and retail operations. There can be no assurance that&#160;the Company&#160;will effectively manage such increased complexity
 without&#160;experiencing coordination issues
 and operating inefficiencies
Impact of Reliance on Company-Owned Production Facilities
 Reduced Availability of Breweries Owned by Others
During 2019
 the Company brewed
 fermented and packaged approximately 74% of its volume at breweries owned by the Company. The Company expects to continue to produce the majority of its domestic volume in 2020 at its Company-owned breweries. This reliance on its own breweries exposes the Company to capacity constraints and risk of disruption of supply
 as these breweries are operating at or close to current capacity in peak months. Management believes that it has alternatives available to it
brewing locations is temporarily interrupted
 although as volumes at the Pennsylvania Brewery increase
 severe interruptions there would be problematic
 particularly during peak seasons. In addition
 if interruptions were to occur
 the Company might not be able to maintain its current economics and could face significant delays in starting replacement brewing locations. Potential interruptions at breweries include labor issues
 governmental action
 quality issues
 contractual disputes
 machinery failures
The growth in the Company&#8217;s business and product complexity and the Company&#8217;s reliance on its owned breweries heighten the management challenges that the Company faces. In recent years
 the Company has had product shortages and service issues. The Company&#8217;s supply chain struggled under the increased volume and experienced increased operational and freight costs as it reacted. In response to these issues
 the Company has significantly increased its packaging capabilities and tank capacity and added personnel to address these challenges. There can be no assurance that the Company will effectively manage such increasing complexity without experiencing future planning failures
 operating inefficiencies
 insufficient employee training
 control deficiencies or other issues that could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business and financial results. The prior growth of the Company
 changes in operating procedures and increased complexity have required significant capital investment. To date
The Company continues to avail itself of capacity at third-party breweries. During 2019
 approximately 23% of the Company&#8217;s annual shipment volume was brewed and/or packaged under service agreements with City Brewing Company
 LLC. In selecting third party breweries for brewing services arrangements
 the Company carefully weighs a brewery&#8217;s capability of utilizing traditional brewing
 fermenting and finishing methods
 its quality control capabilities throughout the production process and sleek can packaging and automated variety packaging capability and capacity. To the extent that the Company needs to avail itself of a third-party brewing services arrangement
 it exposes itself to higher than planned costs of operating under such contract arrangements than would apply at the Company-owned breweries
 potential lower service levels and reliability than internal production
 and potential unexpected declines in the brewing capacity available to it
As the beer industry continues to consolidate and the Company has grown
 the capacity and willingness of breweries owned by others where the Company could brew
 ferment or package some of its products
 if necessary
 has become a more significant concern and
 thus
 there is no guarantee that the Company&#8217;s needs will be uniformly met. The Company continues to work at its Company-owned breweries and with its contract brewers to attempt to minimize any potential disruptions. Nevertheless
 should an interruption occur
 the Company could experience temporary shortfalls in production and/or increased production and/or distribution costs and be required to make significant capital investments to secure alternative capacity for certain brands and packages
 the combination of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business and financial results. A simultaneous interruption at several of the Company&#8217;s production locations or an unexpected interruption at one of the Company-owned breweries would likely cause significant disruption
 increased costs and
 potentially
The Company&#8217;s emphasis on owning production facilities requires it to continue to make a significant level of capital expenditure to maintain and improve these facilities and to incur significant fixed operating costs to support them. In an uncertain volume environment
 the Company faces the risk of not being able to support the owned brewery operating costs
 if volumes were to decline. At the same time
 despite making these expenditures and incurring these costs
 if demand were to increase significantly
The Company attempts to mitigate production and distribution risks through a combination of owned breweries and access to contract facilities
 but there is no guarantee that this strategy is optimal
The Company is Dependent on Key Ingredient Suppliers
The Company purchases a substantial portion of the raw materials used in the brewing of its products
 including its malt
 hops and other ingredients
 from a limited number of foreign and domestic suppliers. The Company purchased most of the malt used in the production of its beer from two suppliers during 2019. Nevertheless
 the Company believes that there are other malt vendors available that are capable of supplying part of its needs. The Company is exposed to the quality of the barley crop each year
The Company predominantly uses Noble hops for its Samuel Adams lagers. Noble hops are varieties from several specific growing areas recognized for superior taste and aroma properties and include Hallertau-Hallertauer
 Tettnang-Tettnanger
 from the Czech Republic. Noble hops are rare and more expensive than most other varieties of hops. United States hops are used in most of the Company&#8217;s ales. The demand for hops grown in the United States has grown due to the success and growth of craft brewers and the popularity of beer styles that include hops grown in the United States. Certain United States hops are in tight supply and prices have risen for both spot purchases and forward contract pricing
 accordingly. The Company enters into purchase commitments with several hops dealers
 based on the Company&#8217;s projected future volumes and brewing needs. The dealers then contract with farmers to meet the Company&#8217;s needs. However
 the performance and availability of the hops
 as with any agricultural product
 may be materially adversely affected by factors such as adverse weather or pests and there is no guarantee the contracts will be fulfilled completely. Further
 the use of fertilizers and pesticides that do not conform to United States regulations
 in order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply
 but as the Company innovates
 supply on hand immediately. Given the imprecision of forecasting future volumes
 the Company is at hop supply risk on certain varieties if its innovations are significantly more successful than expected. The Company stores its hops in multiple cold storage warehouses to minimize the impact of a catastrophe at a single site. Hops and malt are agricultural products and therefore many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 farmers rotating out of hops or barley to other crops
 government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture
The Company&#8217;s accounting policy for hops inventory and purchase commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#8217;s expected future usage. The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 cancellation costs
 among others. Actual results may differ materially from management&#8217;s estimates. The Company continues to manage inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of hops on hand and hops under commitment. However
 changes in management&#8217;s assumptions regarding future sales growth
apples and many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 farmers rotating from apples to other crops
 government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture
The Company has not experienced material difficulties in obtaining timely delivery from its suppliers
The Company&#8217;s new product development can also be constrained by any limited availability of certain ingredients. Growth rates higher than planned or the introduction of new products requiring special ingredients could create demand for ingredients greater than the Company can source. Although the Company believes that there are alternative sources available for some of the ingredients and packaging materials
 there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to acquire such ingredients or packaging materials from substitute sources on a timely or cost-effective basis
 in the event that current suppliers could not adequately fulfill orders. The loss or significant reduction in the capability of a supplier to support the Company&#8217;s requirements could
 in the short-term
 adversely affect the Company&#8217;s business and financial results
The Company&#8217;s contracts for certain hops and apples are payable in Euros
 Pounds Sterling and New Zealand dollars
 and therefore
 the Company is subject to the risk that the Euro
 Pound or New Zealand dollar may fluctuate adversely against the U.S. dollar. The Company has
 as a practice
 not hedged this exposure
The Company is Dependent on Key Packaging Suppliers
During 2018 and 2019
The Company maintains competitive sources for the supply of packaging materials
 such as sleek cans
 cans
 glass and shipping cases. The Company enters into limited-term supply agreements with certain vendors in order to receive preferential pricing. In 2019
 crowns and labels were each supplied by single sources. Although the Company believes that alternative suppliers are available
 the loss of any of the Company&#8217;s packaging materials suppliers could
 in the short-term
 adversely affect the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial position until alternative supply arrangements were secured. Additionally
 there has been acquisition and consolidation activity in several of the packaging supplier networks which could potentially lead to disruption in supply and changes in economics. If packaging costs continue to increase
minimum volume of purchases based on Company forecasts. If the Company&#8217;s needs differ significantly from its forecasts
The Company&#8217;s operations are subject to certain hazards and liability risks faced by all brewers
 such as potential contamination of ingredients or products by bacteria or other external agents that may be wrongfully or accidentally introduced into products or packaging
 or defective packaging and handling. Such occurrences may create bad tasting beer
 hard seltzer or hard ciders
 or pose health risk to the consumer or risk to the integrity and safety of the packaging. These could result in unexpected costs to the Company and
 in the case of a costly product recall
 potentially serious damage to the Company&#8217;s reputation for product quality
The Company depends on information technology to be able to operate efficiently and interface with customers and suppliers
 as well as maintain financial and accounting reporting accuracy to ensure compliance with all applicable laws. If the Company does not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure
 the Company could be subject to transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 the loss of customers
 business disruptions
 or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. The Company recognizes that many groups on a world-wide basis have experienced increases in cyber-attacks and other hacking activity. The Company has dedicated internal and external resources to review and address such threats. However
 as with all large information technology systems
 the Company&#8217;s systems could be penetrated by outside parties intent on extracting confidential or proprietary information
 corrupting information
 disrupting business processes
 or engaging in the unauthorized use of strategic information. Such unauthorized access could disrupt business operations and could result in the loss of assets or revenues
 remediation costs or damage to the Company&#8217;s reputation
 as well as litigation against the Company by third parties adversely affected by the unauthorized access. Such events could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business and financial results. The Company also relies on third parties for supply of software
 software and data hosting and telecommunications and networking
In the last five years
 the Company has experienced significant variation in direct and indirect energy costs
 and energy costs could change unpredictably. Increased energy costs would result in higher transportation
 freight and other operating costs
 including increases in the cost of ingredients and supplies. The Company&#8217;s future operating expenses and margins could be dependent on its ability to manage the impact of such cost increases. If energy costs increase
Changes in Tax
 Environmental and Other Regulations
 Government Shutdowns or Failure to Comply with Existing Licensing
The Company&#8217;s business is highly regulated by federal
 state and local laws and regulations regarding such matters as licensing requirements
 trade and pricing practices
 labeling
 advertising
 promotion and marketing practices
 relationships with Distributors
 environmental impact of operations and other matters. These laws and regulations are subject to frequent reevaluation
 varying interpretations and political debate
 and inquiries from governmental regulators charged with their enforcement. In addition
required approvals caused by federal or state government shutdowns
 similar to the January 2019 federal government shutdown
 could prevent new brands or innovations from getting to market on time or at all. Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations to which the Company&#8217;s operations are subject or any revisions to such laws and regulations or the failure to pay taxes or other fees imposed on the Company&#8217;s operations and results could result in the loss
 revocation or suspension of the Company&#8217;s licenses
 permits or approvals
 and could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business
While the Company has from time to time in the past been involved in material litigation
 it is not currently a party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. In general
 while the Company believes it conducts its business appropriately in accordance with laws
 regulations and industry guidelines
 claims
 whether or not meritorious
The Company&#8217;s Class&#160;A Common Stock is not entitled to any voting rights except for the right as a class to (1)&#160;approve certain mergers
 amendments and (2)&#160;elect a minority of the directors of the Company. Although not as a matter of right
 the Class&#160;A stockholders have also been afforded the opportunity to vote on an advisory basis on executive compensation. Consequently
 the election of a majority of the Company&#8217;s directors and all other matters requiring stockholder approval are currently decided by C.&#160;James Koch
 who is the founder and Chairman of the Company
 as the holder of 100% of the voting rights to the outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s Class&#160;B Common Stock. As a result
 Mr.&#160;Koch is able to exercise substantial influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the composition of the board of directors
 approval of equity-based and other executive compensation and other significant corporate and governance matters
 such as approval of the Company&#8217;s independent registered public accounting firm. This could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company and makes most material transactions difficult or impossible to accomplish without the support of Mr.&#160;Koch. While Mr.&#160;Koch is currently the 100% holder of the Company&#8217;s Class&#160;B Common Stock
The Company&#8217;s Operating Results and Cash Flow May Be Adversely Affected by Unfavorable Economic
Volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets and economic conditions may directly or indirectly affect the Company&#8217;s performance and operating results in a variety of ways
 including: (a)&#160;prices for energy and agricultural products may rise faster than current estimates
 including increases resulting from currency fluctuations; (b)&#160;the Company&#8217;s key suppliers may not be able to fund their capital requirements
 resulting in disruption in the supplies of the Company&#8217;s raw and packaging materials; (c)&#160;the credit risks of the Company&#8217;s Distributors may increase; (d)&#160;the impact of currency fluctuations on amounts owed to the Company by distributors that pay in foreign currencies; (e)&#160;the Company&#8217;s credit facility
 or portion thereof
 may become unavailable at a time when needed by the Company to meet critical needs; (f)&#160;overall beer consumption may decline; or (g)&#160;drinkers of the Company&#8217;s products may change their purchase preferences and frequency
 which might result in sales declines. 



The Company has not received any written comments from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) regarding the Company&#8217;s periodic or current reports that (1)&#160;the Company believes are material
(2)&#160;were issued not less than 180 days before the end of the Company&#8217;s 2019 fiscal year
 and (3)&#160;remain unresolved. 



The Company maintains its principal corporate offices in approximately 54
200 square feet of leased space located in Boston
 Massachusetts
The Company owns approximately 76 acres of land in Breinigsville
 Pennsylvania
The Company owns approximately 57 acres of land in Milton
 Delaware
 consisting of the two parcels on which the Company&#8217;s Milton Brewery is located. The buildings on this property consist of approximately 240
The Company owns approximately 10 acres of land in Cincinnati
 Ohio
 on which the Company&#8217;s Cincinnati Brewery is located
 and leases
 with an option to purchase
 approximately 1 acre of land from the City of Cincinnati which abuts its property. The buildings on this property consist of approximately 128
The Company owns approximately 62 acres of land in Walden
 New York
 consisting of an apple orchard and certain buildings
 including a small cidery and tour center. The small cidery and tour center on this property consist of approximately 15
The Company owns approximately 1 acre of land in Lewes
 Delaware
 on which the Company&#8217;s Dogfish Head Inn is located. The buildings on this property consists of approximately 8
The Company leases approximately 43
000 square feet of space in Boston
 Massachusetts
 on which it maintains a Samuel Adams brand tap room and tour center. The current term of the lease for this facility will expire in 2029
The Company leases approximately 48
650 square feet of space in Los Angeles
 California
 on which it maintains an Angel City brand tap room
The Company leases approximately 11
365 square feet of space in Miami
 Florida
 on which it maintains a Concrete Beach brand tap room
The Company leases approximately 9
000 square feet of space in Boston
 Massachusetts
 on which it maintains a Samuel Adams brand tap room and small brewery. The current term of the lease for this facility will expire in 2028
The Company leases approximately 8
900 square feet of space in Cincinnati
 Ohio
The Company leases approximately 7
100 square feet of space within the retail section of MCU Park in Brooklyn
 New York on which it maintains a Coney Island brand tap room and small brewery. The current term of the lease for this facility will expire in 2020
The Company leases approximately 4
490 square feet of space in Rehoboth
 DE
 on which it maintains Dogfish Head Brewing and Eats
The Company also leases a small office in Burlington
 Vermont and Montreal
 Quebec. 



The Company is currently not a party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 







Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
The graph set forth below shows the value of an investment of $100 on January&#160;1
 2015 in each of the Company&#8217;s stock (&#8220;The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.&#8221;)
 the Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s 500 Index (&#8220;S&amp;P 500 Index&#8221;)
 the Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s 500 Beverage Index
 beverages (&#8220;S&amp;P 500 Beverages Index&#8221;) and a custom peer group which consists of Molson Coors Beverage Company and Craft Brewers Alliance
 Inc.
 the two remaining U.S. publicly-traded brewing companies (&#8220;Peer Group&#8221;)
 for the five years ending December&#160;28
 2019.














































The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.














































































































































The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.






































































































There were 8
477 holders of record of the Company&#8217;s Class&#160;A Common Stock as of February&#160;14
 2020. Excluded from the number of stockholders of record are stockholders who hold shares in &#8220;nominee&#8221; or &#8220;street&#8221; name. The closing price per share of the Company&#8217;s Class&#160;A Common Stock as of February&#160;14
 2020
 as reported under the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transaction Reporting System
At December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company had 22
700
000 authorized shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 9
470
397 were issued and outstanding
 which includes 99
871 shares that have trading restrictions. The Class&#160;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except (1)&#160;as required by law
 (2)&#160;for the election of Class&#160;A Directors
 and (3)&#160;that the approval of the holders of the Class&#160;A Common Stock is required for (a)&#160;future authorizations or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to Class&#160;A Common Stock
 (b)&#160;alterations of rights or terms of the Class&#160;A or Class&#160;B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (c)&#160;certain other amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&#160;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
At December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company had 4
200
000 authorized shares of Class&#160;B Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 2
672
voting rights
 including the right to (1)&#160;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors and (2)&#160;approve all (a)&#160;amendments to the Company&#8217;s Articles of Organization
 (b)&#160;mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&#160;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#8217;s assets and
 (d)&#160;equity-based and other executive compensation
 and other significant corporate matters
 such as approval of the Company&#8217;s independent registered public accounting firm. The Company&#8217;s Class&#160;B Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class&#160;B Common Stock is freely convertible into one share of Class&#160;A Common Stock
As of February&#160;14
 2020
 C. James Koch
 the Company&#8217;s Chairman
The holders of the Class&#160;A and Class&#160;B Common Stock are entitled to dividends
 basis
 only if and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Company out of funds legally available for payment thereof. Since its inception
In 1998
 the Board of Directors authorized management to implement a stock repurchase program with a limit of $931.0&#160;million. As of December&#160;28
 2019
During the twelve months ended December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company repurchased 900 shares of its Class&#160;A Common Stock as illustrated in the table below: 


































December&#160;30
 2018 to February&#160;2
 2019 














&#160;90
335 


February&#160;3
 2019 to March&#160;2
 2019 














90
335 


March&#160;3
 2019 to March&#160;30
 2019 














90
335 


March&#160;31
 2019 to May&#160;4
 2019 














90
335 


May&#160;5
 2019 to June&#160;1
 2019 














90
335 


June&#160;2
 2019 to June&#160;29
 2019 














90
335 


June&#160;30
 2019 to August&#160;3
 2019 














90
335 


August&#160;4
 2019 to August&#160;31
 2019 














90
335 


September&#160;1
 2019 to September&#160;28
 2019 














90
335 


September&#160;29
 2019 to November&#160;2
 2019 














90
335 


November&#160;3
 2019 to November&#160;30
 2019 














90
335 


December&#160;1
 2019 to December&#160;28
 2019 














90
335 



































90
335 







































































(in thousands
 except per share and net revenue per barrel data) 



























1
329
108 



1
057
495 



921
736 



968
994 



1
024
040 





79
284 



61
846 



58
744 



62
548 



64
106 



























1
249
824 



995
649 



862
992 



906
446 



959
934 





635
658 



483
406 



413
091 



446
776 



458
317 



























614
166 



512
243 



449
901 



459
670 



501
617 
























Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses 


355
613 



304
853 



258
649 



244
213 



273
629 





112
730 



90
857 



73
126 



78
033 



71
556 


Impairment (gain on sale) of assets
 net 










2
451 

























































469
254 



396
362 



334
226 



322
011 



345
443 



























144
912 



115
881 



115
675 



137
659 



156
174 


Other (expense) income
 net 


















(1
164



























144
370 



116
286 



116
142 



137
121 



155
010 





34
329 



23
623 



17
093 



49
772 



56
596 



























110
041 



92
663 



99
049 



87
349 



98
414 







































































11
781 



11
622 



12
035 



12
533 



13
123 





11
908 



11
734 



12
180 



12
796 



13
520 



























37
999 



111
057 



66
590 



99
719 



112
443 





1
054
057 



639
851 



569
624 



623
297 



645
400 





83
832 



59
020 



44
343 



75
196 



73
019 





735
636 



460
317 



423
523 



446
582 



461
221 



























5
307 



4
286 



3
768 



4
019 



4
256 


























 and in other documents incorporated herein
 as well as in oral statements made by the Company
 statements that are prefaced with the words &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;continue
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;designed
&#8221; and similar expressions
 are intended to identify forward-looking statements regarding events
 conditions
 and financial trends that may affect the Company&#8217;s future plans of operations
 business strategy
 results of operations
 and financial position. These statements are based on the Company&#8217;s current expectations and estimates as to prospective events and circumstances about which the Company can give no firm assurance. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made
 and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual future financial condition or results. These forward-looking statements
 like any forward-looking statements
The Boston Beer Company is engaged in the business of producing and selling alcohol beverages primarily in the domestic market and
 to a lesser extent
 in selected international markets. The Company&#8217;s revenues are primarily derived by selling its beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders to Distributors
 who in turn sell the products to retailers and drinkers. The Company completed the previously reported Dogfish Head Brewery transaction and began consolidating the Dogfish Head financial results on July&#160;3
The Company&#8217;s beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders are primarily positioned in the market for High End beer occasions. The High End category has seen high single-digit compounded annual growth over the past ten years. The Company believes that the High End category is positioned to increase market share in the total beer category
 as drinkers continue to trade up in taste and quality. Boston Beer is one of the largest suppliers in the High End category in the United States. The Company estimates that in 2019 the High End category percentage volume growth was approximately 11% with the craft beer category volume growth approximately 5% and total beer category volume growth approximately 2%. The Company believes that the High End category volume is over 30% of the United States beer market. Depletions or Distributor sales to retailers of the Company&#8217;s beers
 hard seltzers and hard ciders for the 52 week fiscal period ended December&#160;28
 2019
 increased approximately 22% from the comparable 52 week fiscal period in the prior year
 of which 19% is from Boston Beer legacy brands and 3% is from the addition of Dogfish Head brands beginning July&#160;3
 depletions reported to the Company for the 6 weeks ended February&#160;8
 2020 are estimated by the Company to have increased approximately 34% from the comparable weeks in 2019. Excluding the Dogfish Head impact
 earnings per diluted share for 2020 of between $10.70 and $11.70

Stock Compensation (Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 but actual results could vary significantly from this target. The Company is forecasting 2020 depletions and shipments percentage increases of between 15% and 25%. Excluding the addition of the Dogfish Head brands
 2020 depletions and shipment growth is estimated between 11% and 21%. The Company is targeting national price increases of between 1% and 3%. Full-year 2020 gross margins are currently expected to be between 49% and 51%. The Company intends to increase advertising
 promotional and selling expenses by between $80&#160;million and $90&#160;million for the full year 2020
 an increase from the previously communicated estimate of between $65&#160;million and $75&#160;million
 which does not include any increases in freight costs for the shipment of products to its Distributors. The Company intends to increase its investment in its brands in 2020 commensurate with the opportunities for growth that it sees
 effective tax rate of approximately 27%
 measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for diluted earnings per share and effective tax rate data prepared in accordance with GAAP
2016-09

 including the timing and value realized upon exercise of stock options versus the fair value of those options when granted. Therefore


 without unreasonable effort
The Company is continuing to evaluate 2020 capital expenditures. Its current estimates are between $135&#160;million and $155&#160;million
 an increase in the previously communicated estimate of between $95&#160;million and $115&#160;million
 consisting mostly of continued investments in capacity and efficiency improvements at the Company&#8217;s breweries. The actual total amount spent on 2020 capital expenditures may well be different from these estimates. Based on information currently available
Year Ended December&#160;28
 2019 Compared to Year Ended December&#160;29
 2018 










































 (in thousands
 except per barrel) 































5
307 











4
286 











1
021 










































&#160;1
249
824 











&#160;995
649 











&#160;254
175 













635
658 











483
406 











152
252 



















































614
166 











512
243 











101
923 










Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses 


355
613 











304
853 











50
760 













112
730 











90
857 











21
873 










Impairment of assets
 net 














































































469
254 











396
362 











72
892 













144
912 











115
881 











29
031 










Other (expense) income
 net 














































































144
370 











116
286 











28
084 













34
329 











23
623 











10
706 



















































110
041 











92
663 











17
378 














































Net revenue increased by $254.2&#160;million
 or 25.5%
 to $1
249.8&#160;million for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019
 as compared to $995.6&#160;million for the year ended December&#160;29
 2018
Total shipment volume of 5
307
000 barrels for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019 increased by 23.8% over 2018 levels of 4
286
000 barrels
to increases in shipments of Truly Hard Seltzer and Twisted Tea and the addition of the Dogfish Head brands
Depletions
 or sales by Distributors to retailers
 of the Company&#8217;s products for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019 increased by approximately 22% compared to the prior year
 primarily due to increases in depletions of Truly Hard Seltzer and Twisted Tea brands and the addition of the Dogfish Head brands
 The net revenue per barrel increased by 1.4% to $235.51 per barrel for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019
 as compared to $232.30 per barrel for the year ended December&#160;29
 2018
Significant changes in the package mix could have a material effect on net revenue.&#160;The Company primarily packages its products in kegs
 bottles and cans.&#160;Assuming the same level of production
 a shift in the mix from kegs to bottles and cans would effectively increase revenue per barrel
 as the price per equivalent barrel is lower for kegs than for bottles and cans.&#160;The percentage of bottles and cans to total shipments increased by 4.3% to 89.4% of total shipments for the year ended December 28
 2019 as compared to the year ended December&#160;29
 Cost of goods sold was $119.78 per barrel for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019
 as compared to $112.79 per barrel for the year ended December&#160;29
 2018. The 2019 increase in cost of goods sold of $6.99 or 6.2% per barrel was primarily the result of higher processing costs due to increased production at third party breweries and higher temporary labor at Company-owned breweries to support increased variety pack volumes
 Gross profit was $115.73 per barrel for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019
 as compared to $119.52 per barrel for the year ended December&#160;29
 2018. Gross margin was 49.1% for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019
 as compared to 51.4% for the year ended December&#160;29
The Company includes freight charges related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing locations to Distributor locations in its advertising
 promotional and selling expense line item. As such
Advertising
Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
 increased $50.8&#160;million
 or 16.7%
 to $355.6&#160;million for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019
 as compared to $304.9&#160;million for the year ended December&#160;29
 2018. The increase was primarily the result of increased investments in media
 production and local marketing
 higher salaries and benefits costs
 increased freight to distributors due to higher volumes and the addition of Dogfish Head brand related expenses beginning July&#160;3
Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses were 28.5% of net revenue
 or $67.01 per barrel
 for the year ended December 28
 2019
 as compared to 30.6% of net revenue
 or $71.13 per barrel
 for the year ended December&#160;29
 2018. The Company will invest in advertising and promotional campaigns that it believes are effective
The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities in its Distributors&#8217; markets
 and the Distributors make contributions to the Company for such efforts. These amounts are included in the Company&#8217;s statement of operations as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Historically
 contributions from Distributors for advertising and promotional activities have amounted to between 2% and 3% of net sales. The Company may adjust its promotional efforts in the Distributors&#8217; markets
 if changes occur in these promotional contribution arrangements
General and administrative expenses increased by $21.9&#160;million
 or 24.1%
 to $112.7&#160;million for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019
 Dogfish Head Transaction-related expenses of $7.7&#160;million
 increases in salaries and benefits costs
 and the addition of Dogfish Head general and administrative expenses beginning July&#160;3
 For the year ended December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company incurred impairment charges of $0.9&#160;million
 based upon its review of the carrying values of its property
 For the year ended December 28
 2019
 an aggregate of $12.3&#160;million in stock-based compensation expense is included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses and general and administrative expenses. Stock compensation increased by $2.3&#160;million in 2019 compared to 2018
The Company&#8217;s effective tax rate increased to 23.8% for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019 from approximately 20.3% for the year ended December&#160;29
Cash decreased to $36.7&#160;million as of December&#160;28
 2019 from $108.4&#160;million as of December&#160;29
 2018
 reflecting cash used for the Dogfish Head Brewery Transaction and purchases of property
 plant and equipment
Cash provided by or used in operating activities consists of net income
 items
 such as depreciation and amortization
 stock-based compensation expense and related excess tax benefit
 items included in operating results
 and changes in operating assets and liabilities
 such as accounts receivable
 inventory
Cash provided by operating activities increased from $163.4&#160;million in 2018 to $178.2&#160;million in 2019 principally as a result of increases in shipments and operating income
 partially offset by higher investments in working capital
The Company used $258.8&#160;million in investing activities during 2019
 as compared to $55.3&#160;million during 2018. Investing activities in 2019 primarily consisted of $165.5&#160;million of investment in Dogfish Head
 net of cash acquired
 and capital investments made mostly in the Company&#8217;s breweries to drive efficiencies and cost reductions
Cash provided by financing activities was $8.9&#160;million during 2019
In 1998
 the Board of Directors authorized management to implement a stock repurchase program. During the year ended December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company did not repurchase any shares of its Class&#160;A Common Stock under the stock repurchase program. As of December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company had repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 13.8&#160;million shares of its Class&#160;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $840.7&#160;million. From December&#160;29
 2019 through February&#160;14
 2020
The Company expects that its cash balance as of December&#160;28
 2019 of $36.7&#160;million
 along with future operating cash flow and the Company&#8217;s unused line of credit of $150.0&#160;million
 will be sufficient to fund future cash requirements. The Company&#8217;s $150.0&#160;million credit facility has a term not scheduled to expire until March&#160;31
 2023. As of the date of this filing
The discussion and analysis of the Company&#8217;s financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated financial statements
accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances
The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on management&#8217;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on hand and under contract. Forecasting usage involves significant judgments regarding future demand for the Company&#8217;s various existing products and products under development as well as the potency and shelf-life of various ingredients. A significant change in the timing or level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been adequate to provide for losses on its inventory. Provision for excess or expired inventory included in cost of goods sold was $8.1&#160;million
 $4.2&#160;million and $5.8&#160;million in fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017
Valuation of Property
The carrying value of property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
 at December&#160;28
 2019 was $430.6&#160;million. For purposes of determining whether there are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&#8217;s identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 semi-annually
 or more frequently when indicators of impairment are present. Evaluations of whether indicators of impairment exist involve judgments regarding the current and future business environment and the length of time the Company intends to use the asset. If an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such loss would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce earnings. Estimating the amount of impairment
 if any
 requires significant judgments including identification of potential impairments
 market comparison to similar assets
 estimated cash flows to be generated by the asset
 discount rates
 and the remaining useful life of the asset. Impairment of assets included in operating expenses was $0.9&#160;million
 $0.7&#160;million and $2.5&#160;million in fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017
Factors generally considered important which could trigger an impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets include the following: (1)&#160;significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; (2)&#160;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired assets or the strategy for the Company&#8217;s overall business; (3)&#160;underutilization of assets; and (4)&#160;discontinuance of products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that the carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
The guidance for goodwill impairment testing allows an entity to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit
 of which the Company has one
Under the quantitative assessment
 the estimated fair value of the Company&#8217;s reporting unit is compared to its carrying value
 including goodwill. The estimate of fair value of the Company&#8217;s reporting unit is generally calculated based on an income approach using the discounted cash flow method supplemented by the market approach which considers the Company&#8217;s market capitalization and enterprise value. If the estimated fair value of the Company&#8217;s reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its reporting unit
 a goodwill impairment will be recognized. The amount of impairment charge for goodwill is equal to the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill. In estimating the fair value of the Company&#8217;s reporting unit
 management must make assumptions and projections regarding such items as future cash flows
 future revenues
 future earnings
 cost of capital
 and other factors. The assumptions used in the estimate of fair value are based on historical trends and the projections and assumptions that are used in current strategic operating plans. These assumptions reflect management&#8217;s estimates of future economic and competitive conditions and are
 therefore
 subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. If these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future
The Company&#8217;s other intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and a trademark obtained through the Company&#8217;s Dogfish Head acquisition. Customer relationships are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The trademark which was determined to have an indefinite useful life is not amortized. The guidance for indefinite lived intangible asset impairment testing allows an entity to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite lived intangible asset is impaired or to proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. Under the quantitative assessment
 the trademark is evaluated for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the trademark to its estimated fair value. The estimated fair value of the trademark is calculated based on an income approach using the relief from royalty method. The estimate of fair value is then compared to the carrying value the trademark. If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value of the trademark
In estimating the fair value of the trademark
 management must make assumptions and projections regarding future cash flows based upon future revenues
 the market-based royalty rate
 and other factors. The assumptions used in the estimate of fair value are consistent with historical trends and the projections and assumptions that are used in current strategic operating plans. These assumptions reflect management&#8217;s estimates of future economic and competitive conditions and are
 therefore
 subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. If these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future
On July&#160;3
 2019
 the Company completed its acquisition of Dogfish Head Brewery and various related operations (the &#8220;Transaction&#8221;)
 Way LLC
 the parent holding company of the Dogfish Head Brewery operations. Dogfish Head results of operations have been included in the Company&#8217;s financial results beginning after the closing date of July&#160;3
 2019. Under the acquisition method of accounting
 the Company allocated the fair value of purchase consideration transferred to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values on the date of the acquisition. The fair values assigned
 defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between willing market participants
consideration over the aggregate fair value of tangible and intangible assets
 net of liabilities assumed
 is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 the Company makes significant estimates and assumptions
 especially with respect to intangible assets. The Company&#8217;s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable
 but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and
 as a result
 actual results may differ from estimates. The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is typically determined by using either estimates of replacement costs or discounted cash flow valuation methods. When determining the fair value of tangible assets acquired
 the Company must estimate the cost to replace the asset with a new asset taking into consideration such factors as age
 condition and the economic useful life of the asset. When determining the fair value of intangible assets acquired
 the Company must estimate the applicable discount rate
 the royalty rate
 and the timing and amount of future expected cash flows. During the measurement period
 not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition
 the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 with a corresponding offset to goodwill if new information is obtained related to facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. After the measurement period
 any subsequent adjustments are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Acquisition costs
 such as legal and consulting fees
The Company recognizes revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract with its customer are satisfied; generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control of its products. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring products. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all conditions are met. As of December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018
 the Company has deferred $7.0&#160;million and $4.6&#160;million
The Company is committed to maintaining the freshness of the product in the market. In certain circumstances and with the Company&#8217;s approval
 the Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty percent of the distributor&#8217;s cost of the beer that has passed its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of specific return transactions. Estimating this reserve involves significant judgments and estimates
 including comparability of historical return trends to future trends
 lag time from date of sale to date of return
 and product mix of returns. Stale beer expense is reflected in the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue. Historically
 the cost of actual stale beer returns has been in line with established reserves
 however
 the cost could differ materially from the estimated reserve which would impact revenue. As of December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018
 the stale beer reserve was $1.8&#160;million and $2.1&#160;million
Customer programs and incentives are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Customer incentives and other payments made to Distributors are primarily based upon performance of certain marketing and advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#8217;s products may include
 and merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs that were recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses totaled $75.2&#160;million
 $55.5&#160;million and $51.8&#160;million in fiscal year 2019
 2018 and 2017
Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017 were $43.9&#160;million
 $34.5&#160;million and $30.2&#160;million
 respectively. The reimbursements for discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. The agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain Distributors&#8217; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of the discount allowance requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to Distributors based upon performance of certain marketing and advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#8217;s products may include
 and merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017 were $31.2&#160;million
 $21.0&#160;million and $21.6&#160;million
 respectively. In fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
 the Company recorded certain of these costs in the total amount of $21.6&#160;million
 $13.9&#160;million
 and $15.3&#160;million
 respectively
 as reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized in net revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets. These costs are recorded as incurred
In connection with its preparation of financial statements and other financial reporting
 management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions regarding the amount
The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (&#8220;ASC 718&#8221;)
 which generally requires recognition of share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on fair value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award (the requisite service period). The amount of compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income is based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and therefore
 reduced for estimated forfeitures. Stock-based compensation was $12.3&#160;million
 $10.0&#160;million and $6.3&#160;million in fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017
As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice model
 such as the trinomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of stock options.. All option-pricing models require the input of subjective assumptions. These assumptions include the estimated volatility of the Company&#8217;s common stock price over the expected term
 the expected dividend rate
 the estimated post-vesting forfeiture rate
In addition
 forfeiture rate is applied in the recognition of the compensation charge. Periodically
 the Company grants performance-based stock options
 related to which it only recognizes compensation expense if it is probable that performance targets will be met. Consequently
 at the end of each reporting period
The alcoholic beverage industry is highly regulated at the federal
 state and local levels. The TTB and the Justice Department&#8217;s Bureau of Alcohol
 Tobacco
 Firearms and Explosives enforce laws under the Federal Alcohol Administration Act. The TTB is responsible for administering and enforcing excise tax laws that directly affect the Company&#8217;s results of operations. State and regulatory authorities have the ability to suspend or revoke the Company&#8217;s licenses and permits or impose substantial fines for violations. The Company has established strict policies
 procedures and guidelines in efforts to ensure compliance with all applicable state and federal laws. However
 the loss or revocation of any existing license or permit could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business
 results of operations
The High End category within the United States is highly competitive due to large domestic and international brewers and the increasing number of craft brewers in this category who distribute similar products that have similar pricing and target drinkers. The Company believes that its pricing is appropriate given the quality and reputation of its brands
 while realizing that economic pricing pressures may affect future pricing levels. Large domestic and international brewers are able to compete more aggressively than the Company
 as they have substantially greater resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company. The Company anticipates competition among domestic craft brewers will remain strong
 as the number of craft brewers continues to grow. The Company also increasingly competes with wine and spirits companies
 some of which have significantly greater resources than the Company. This competitive environment may affect the Company&#8217;s overall performance within the High End category. As the market matures and the High End category continues to consolidate
 the Company believes that companies that are well-positioned in terms of brand equity
 marketing and distribution will have greater success than those who do not. With its over 400 Distributors nationwide and the Company&#8217;s sales force of approximately 426 people
 as well as a commitment to maintaining its innovation capability
 brand equity and quality
The Potential Impact of Known Facts
 Commitments
 sheet arrangements as of December&#160;28
 2019.



In the ordinary course of business
 the Company is exposed to the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The Company does not enter into derivatives or other market risk sensitive instruments for the purpose of speculation or for trading purposes. Market risk sensitive instruments include derivative financial instruments
 other financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments
 such as futures
 forwards
 swaps and options
The Company enters into hops purchase contracts
 as described in Note J of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 and makes purchases of other ingredients
 equipment and machinery denominated in foreign currencies. The cost of these commitments changes as foreign exchange rates fluctuate. Currently
The interest rate for borrowings under the Company&#8217;s credit facility is based on either (i)&#160;the Alternative Prime Rate (4.75% at December&#160;28
 2019) or (ii)&#160;the applicable LIBOR rate (1.75% at December&#160;28
 2019) plus 0.45%
 and therefore
 subjects the Company to fluctuations in such rates. As of December&#160;28
 2019
The Company applies a sensitivity analysis to reflect the impact of a 10% hypothetical adverse change in the foreign currency rates. A potential adverse fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates could negatively impact future cash flows by approximately $3.8&#160;million as of December&#160;28
There are many economic factors that can affect volatility in foreign exchange rates. As such factors cannot be predicted
 the actual impact on earnings due to an adverse change in the respective rates could vary substantially from the amounts calculated above. 



The Boston Beer Company
Boston
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows
 for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December&#160;28
 2019
 and the related notes. In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December&#160;28
 2019
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;28
 2019
&#160;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February&#160;19
 2020
As discussed in Note B to the financial statements
 effective December&#160;30
 2018

 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1)&#160;relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2)&#160;involved our especially challenging
 subjective
opinion on the financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
The Company completed the acquisition of Dogfish Head Brewery for total consideration of $336&#160;million on July&#160;3
 2019. The Company accounted for this transaction under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Accordingly
 the purchase price was allocated
 on a preliminary basis
 to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values
 including identified intangible assets of $102.3&#160;million and resulting goodwill of $108.8&#160;million. Of the identified intangible assets acquired
 the most significant is a brand indefinite lived intangible asset of $98.5&#160;million (the &#8220;Dogfish Head brand trade name&#8221;). The Company estimated the fair value of the Dogfish Head brand trade name using the relief-from-royalty method
 which is a specific application of the discounted-cash-flow-method that required management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of revenue growth projections
 time period
 royalty rates
 discount rates
We identified the Dogfish Head brand trade name for Dogfish Head Brewery as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management made to fair value this asset for purposes of recording the acquisition. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures
 including the need to involve fair value specialists
 to evaluate the reasonableness of management&#8217;s forecasts of future revenue
 specifically the long-term growth rate
 as well as the selection of the royalty rates
Our audit procedures related to forecasts of revenue growth projections
 the selection of the royalty rates
 discount rates
 as well as the methodologies utilized in the valuation models for the Dogfish Head brand trade name included the following
 among others: 





 including management&#8217;s controls over forecasts of revenue growth projections
 the selection of the royalty rates
 discount rates
 as well as the methodologies utilized in the valuation models.










 we evaluated the reasonableness of the revenue growth projections
 royalty rates
 discount rates
 and valuation methodologies by:





 specifically the long-term growth rate
 royalty rates
 and discount rates
 and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations.













Boston
 Massachusetts 

February&#160;19
THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
(in thousands
 except per share data) 























December&#160;28
 


December&#160;29
 


December&#160;30
 
















1
329
108



1
057
495



921
736





79
284



61
846



58
744



















1
249
824



995
649



862
992





635
658



483
406



413
091



















614
166



512
243



449
901
















Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses 


355
613



304
853



258
649





112
730



90
857



73
126













2
451



















469
254



396
362



334
226



















144
912



115
881



115
675


income
 net: 




















1
292






Other expense
 net 


1
189
























income
 net 






























144
370



116
286



116
142





34
329



23
623



17
093



















110
041



92
663



99
049











































































8
908



8
620



8
933



















2
873



3
002



3
102



















11
908



11
734



12
180



















110
041



92
663



99
049
















income
 net of tax: 





































































income
 net of tax: 






























109
569



92
754



98
864














THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
(in thousands
 except share data) 














December&#160;28
 


December&#160;29
 































36
670



108
399





54
404



34
073





106
038



70
249





12
077



13
136





9
459



5
714















218
648



231
571


Property
 plant and equipment
 net 


541
068



389
789





53
758









112
529



3
683





104
272



2
099





23
782



12
709















1
054
057



639
851

































76
374



47
102





99
107



73
412





5
168



















180
649



120
514





75
010



49
169





53
940









8
822



9
851















318
421



179
534






















Class&#160;A Common Stock
22
700
9
370
8
580
and outstanding as of December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018
 respectively 









B Common Stock
4
200
2
672
2
917
28
 2019 and December
 201













571
784



405
711


Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax 


1
669



1
197





165
400



55
688















735
636



460
317















1
054
057



639
851










THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
For the Years Ended December&#160;28
 2019
 December&#160;29
 2018
 and December&#160;30
 2017 









































 Stock






 Stock






 Loss
 net of tax 








Balance at December&#160;31
 2016 


9
171







3
197







349
913



1
103



97
648



446
582





























99
049



99
049





















16
361











16
363





















6
316











6
316





























144
592



144
602




































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $





































































































Balance at December&#160;30
 2017 


8
603







3
018







372
590



1
288



52
105



423
523































































92
663



92
663





















23
086











23
088





















10
035











10
035





























88
309



88
312




































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $



































































2014-09

 net of tax of $

































2018-02




































































Balance at December&#160;29
 2018 


8
580







2
918







405
711



1
197



55
688



460
317































































110
041



110
041





















8
998











8
999





















12
337











12
337





















144
738











144
743






































































Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $

































2014-09

 tax adjustment





































































































Balance at December&#160;28
 2019 


9
371







2
673







571
784



1
669



165
400



735
636


































THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 























December&#160;28
 


December&#160;29
 


December&#160;30
 






























110
041



92
663



99
049



















56
271



51
968



51
256













2
451


Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment 
















4
207



























12
337



10
035



6
316





7
404



14
350



22
442



















12
260



1
636



2
945





24
932



21
312



1
741


Prepaid expenses
 income tax receivable and other assets 


13
862







4
511





21
417



6
352









18
618



10
130



2
671





3
277





















1
021



















178
242



163
447



135
982






























Purchases of property
 plant and equipment 


93
233



55
460



32
987


Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment 



























Investment in Dogfish Head
 net of cash acquired 


165
517









































258
829



55
344



32
929





































88
312



144
602





8
063



22
143



15
415

































97
000













97
000













1
173



























8
858



65
341



128
451



















71
729



42
762



25
398





108
399



65
637



91
035



















36
670



108
399



65
637















































144
743



























30
760



11
353



43
006























5
000





































4
696























































57
966



























2
837




















































Increase (decrease) in accounts payable for purchase of property
 plant and equipment 


3
994



2
609



2
689
















purchase of property
 plant and equipment&#160;


2
638






















THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
December 28
 2019



The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and certain subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) are engaged in the business of selling alcohol beverages throughout the United States and in selected international markets
&#8221;
&#8221;
 &#8220;Hard Seltzer Beverage Company&#8221;
 Cider Company&#8221;
 Craft Brewery&#8221;
 Brewing Company&#8221;
&#8221;
 &#8220;Coney Island



 or fifty-three-week period ending on the last Saturday in December. The 2019
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
Cash
Cash and cash equivalents at December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 and money market instruments that are highly liquid investments. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost
213
278

 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018
 respectively
The Company&#8217;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances combined with management&#8217;s estimate of future potential recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018 are adequate
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents and trade receivables. The Company places its cash equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company&#8217;s cash and cash equivalents were invested in investment-grade
The Company sells primarily to a network of independent wholesalers in the United States and to a network of foreign wholesalers
 importers or other agencies (collectively referred to as &#8220;Distributors&#8221;). In 2019
 2018 and 2017
% of total sales. Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized; however
 individual customer accounts receivable balances outstanding at December&#160;28
 2019 or December&#160;29
 individual customers represented more than 10% of the Company&#8217;s revenues in fiscal years 2019
 2018
The Company&#8217;s primary financial instruments at December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018 consisted of cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
accounts payable. The Company determines the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 820
(&#8220;ASC 820&#8221;). The Company believes that the carrying amount of its cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
accounts payable approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company is not exposed to significant interest
materials
 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 malt
 apple juice
 other brewing materials and packaging

 a supply of approximately two years for essential hop varieties
 in order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. Inventories are generally classified as current assets. The Company classifies hops inventory in excess of two years of forecasted usage in other long-term assets. The cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead. Packaging design costs are expensed as incurred. The Company enters into multi-year purchase commitments in order to secure adequate supply of ingredients and packaging
&#160;million at December&#160;28
&#160;million
&#160;million
&#160;million in fiscal years 2019
 2018
Property
Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals and betterments that extend the life of the property are capitalized. Depreciation is 
































 years
 or the term of the production agreement
 whichever is shorter















 years
 or the remaining useful life of the building
The carrying value of property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
 at December&#160;28
&#160;million. For purposes of determining whether there are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&#8217;s identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 semi-annually
identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such loss would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more appropriate. In that event
 the Company will be required to record additional depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce earnings. Estimating the amount of impairment
 if any
 requires significant judgments including identification of potential impairments
 market comparison to similar assets
 estimated cash flows to be generated by the asset
 discount rates
&#160;million
&#160;million
&#160;million in fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017
Factors generally considered important which could trigger an impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets include the following: (1)&#160;significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; (2)&#160;significant changes in the manner of use of acquired assets or the strategy for the Company&#8217;s overall business; (3)&#160;underutilization of assets; and (4)&#160;discontinuance of products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that the carrying value of its long-lived assets as of December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
The Company consists of one operating segment that produces and sells alcohol beverages under the Company&#8217;s Samuel Adams
 Twisted Tea
 Truly Hard Seltzer
 Angry Orchard
 Dogfish Head
 Angel City
 Coney Island
 Concrete Beach
 Wild Leaf and Tura brands. All brands are predominantly beverages that are manufactured using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content
 generally fall under the same regulatory environment
The Company does not amortize goodwill and tradename intangible assets but evaluates the recoverability by comparing the carrying value and the fair value annually at the end of the fiscal month of August
frequently when indicators of impairment are present. The Company has concluded that its goodwill and&#160;intangible assets were not impaired as of December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018. Customer relationship intangible assets are amortized over the useful life of fifteen years. As of December&#160;28
 2019
 and December&#160;29
 2018
&#160;million
 respectively. As of December&#160;28
 2019
 and December&#160;29
 2018
&#160;million
The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer primarily in glass bottles and cans and such kegs
 bottles and cans are shipped on pallets to Distributors. Most kegs and pallets are owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in the Company&#8217;s balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase. Upon shipment of beer to Distributors
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is included in current liabilities in the Company&#8217;s balance sheets. Upon return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs and pallets handled by each Distributor and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by most brewers
 and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that this is an industry-wide issue and that the Company&#8217;s loss experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. The Company uses internal records
 records maintained by Distributors
 records maintained by other third-party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held by Distributors. These estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year ended December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross property
&#160;million
&#160;million
 respectively. For the year ended December&#160;29
 2018
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross property
&#160;million
&#160;million
 respectively. As of December&#160;28
 2019
 and December&#160;29
 2018
&#160;million
 respectively
&#160;million
 respectively
 in kegs
&#160;million
&#160;million
&#160;million in fiscal years 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 respectively. The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in differences between the book and tax basis of the Company&#8217;s assets
 liabilities and carry-forwards
 such as tax credits. In estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided when recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than not standards as defined in ASC Topic 740
The calculation of the Company&#8217;s tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax returns that do not meet the more likely than not standards as defined in ASC Topic 740
. Historically
During fiscal years 2019
% of the Company&#8217;s revenue was from shipments of its products to domestic Distributors and 4% from shipments to international Distributors
% of the Company&#8217;s revenue is from retail beer
 cider
The Company recognizes revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract with its customer are satisfied; generally
 this occurs with the transfer of control of its products. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring products. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all conditions are met. As of December&#160;28
 2019
 and December&#160;29
 2018
&#160;million
 respectively
The Company is committed to maintaining the freshness of its products in the market. In certain circumstances and with the Company&#8217;s approval
 the Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by Distributors. The Company generally credits approximately fifty percent of the distributor&#8217;s cost of beer that has passed its freshness expiration date when it is returned to the Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to an estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of specific return transactions. Estimating this reserve involves significant judgments and estimates
 including comparability of historical return trends to future trends
 lag time from date of sale to date of return
 and product mix of returns. Stale beer expense is reflected in the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue. Historically
 the cost of actual stale beer returns has been in line with established reserves; however
 the cost could differ materially from the reserves which would impact revenue. As of December&#160;28
 2019
 and December&#160;29
 2018
&#160;million
Customer programs and incentives are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Customer incentives and other payments made to Distributors are primarily based upon the performance of certain marketing and advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#8217;s products may include
 but are not limited to
 and merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs that were recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
&#160;million
&#160;million in fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017
Customer promotional discount programs are entered into with Distributors for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to Distributors in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2019
&#160;million
&#160;million
 respectively. The reimbursements for discounts to Distributors are recorded as reductions to net revenue. The agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain Distributors&#8217; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of the discount allowance requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by the Company; however
Customer incentives and other payments are made primarily to Distributors based upon the performance of certain marketing and advertising activities. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
promoting the Company&#8217;s products may include
 and merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid to customers in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2019
&#160;million
&#160;million
 respectively. In fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017
&#160;million
&#160;million
 respectively as reductions to net revenue. Costs recognized in net revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets. These costs are recorded as incurred
In connection with its preparation of financial statements and other financial reporting
 management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions regarding the amount
The Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the &#8220;TTB&#8221;) regulations
&#160;million in fiscal years 2019 and 2018
 respectively
The following expenses are included in cost of goods sold: raw material costs
 costs
 costs and income related to deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
Costs incurred for the shipping of products to customers are included in advertising
&#160;million
&#160;million
&#160;million in fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017
The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income: media advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce
 promotional activity expenses
&#160;million
&#160;million
&#160;million were included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income for fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017
The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities in its Distributors&#8217; markets and the Distributors make contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from Distributors for advertising and promotional activities are recorded as reductions to advertising
The following expenses are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income: general and administrative salary and benefit expenses
 stock compensation
 insurance costs
 consulting and professional service fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for general and administrative employees
The Company accounts for share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718
(&#8220;ASC 718&#8221;)
 which generally requires recognition of share-based compensation costs in financial statements based on fair value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award (the requisite service period). The amount of compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income is based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and therefore
&#160;million
&#160;million in fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017
As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company elected to use a lattice model
 such as the trinomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of stock options. All option-pricing models require the input of subjective assumptions. These assumptions include the estimated volatility of the Company&#8217;s common stock price over the expected term
 the expected dividend rate
 the estimated post-vesting forfeiture rate
In addition
 forfeiture rate is applied in the recognition of the compensation charge. Periodically
 the Company grants performance-based stock options. The Company only recognizes compensation expense with respect to these options if it is probable that the performance targets will be met. Consequently
 at the end of each reporting period
 method
In May 2014

 supersedes virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this standard
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an entity needs to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the previous guidance. On December&#160;31
 2017
effect adjustment to retained earnings. In accordance with the new accounting standard
 the majority of the Company&#8217;s revenue continues to be recognized at the time its products are shipped. Upon adoption
&#160;million
 net of tax
 cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings in the first quarter of 2018. In the fourth quarter of 2019
In February 2016

2016-02

 which requires an entity to recognize and measure leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented for the year beginning December&#160;30
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. In July 2018

 
 permitting the use of an alternative modified retrospective approach that would result in an entity recognizing a lease liability and ROU asset as of the effective date of the requirements
 with all comparative periods presented and disclosed
 in accordance with the requirements under ASC 840
 Leases
 changing the date of initial application to the beginning of the period of adoption. On December&#160;30
 2018
 the Company adopted the new accounting standard using the alternative modified retrospective approach
 applying ASC 840 to all comparative periods
 including disclosures. Upon adoption
 the Company recognized ROU assets o
In March 2016

Stock Compensation (Topic 718)
 is part of the FASB&#8217;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance impacted several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including accounting for income taxes and forfeitures




 weeks ended December&#160;28
 2019
 December&#160;29
 2018 and December&#160;30
 2017
&#160;million
&#160;million
 respectively
In February 2018
 the FASB issued ASU&#160;No.&#160;2018-02


 an entity is allowed a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The Company early adopted this accounting standard prospectively in the first quarter of 2018. Prior periods have not been adjusted. In the first quarter of 2018
In June 2016

 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#160;15
 2019
In January 2017

&#160;2017-04
 assessment
 if indicators of impairment exist. The first step requires an entity to compare each reporting unit&#8217;s carrying value and its fair value. If the reporting unit&#8217;s carrying value exceeds the fair value
 then the entity must perform the second step
 which is to compare the implied fair value of goodwill to its carrying value
 simplifies the goodwill impairment test by eliminating the second step of the test. As such
 an entity will perform its goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An entity should recognize a goodwill impairment charge for the amount by which the reporting unit&#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value. If fair value exceeds the carrying amount
 will be effective prospectively for the year beginning December&#160;29
 2019. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 



On May&#160;8
 2019
 the Company entered into definitive agreements to acquire Dogfish Head Brewery (&#8220;Dogfish Head&#8221;) and various related operations (the &#8220;Transaction&#8221;)
 Way LLC
 the parent holding company of the Dogfish Head operations. In accordance with these agreements
&#160;million
 which was placed in escrow pending the satisfaction of certain closing conditions. The Transaction closed on July&#160;3
 2019
429

&#160;million
 after taking into account a post-closing cash related adjustment. As required under the definitive agreements

429
released no later than July&#160;3
 2029.&#160;These shares had a market value on July&#160;3
&#160;million. The timing of the release of these escrowed shares is primarily related to the continued employment with the Company of Samuel A. Calagione III
Of this total
ecember 28
 2019 and 
in the accompanying statements of comprehensive income. As part of the Transaction
345
The following table summarizes the acquisition date fair value of the tangible assets
 intangible assets
 liabilities assumed
 and related goodwill acquired from Dogfish Head
 as well as the allocation of purchase price paid: 
















7
476





8
081





9
286








Property
 plant and equipment 


106
964





108
846





98
500





3
800

















344
178











3
861





4
085





18
437

















26
442











317
736











172
993





162
999





18
256











317
736






The Company accounted for the acquisition in accordance with the accounting standards codification guidance for business combinations
 whereby the total purchase price was allocated to the acquired net tangible and intangible assets of Dogfish Head based on their fair values as of the Transaction closing date. The Company believes that the information available as of the Transaction closing date provides a reasonable basis for estimating the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed; however
 the Company is continuing to finalize these amounts
 particularly with respect to income taxes and valuation of inventories
 fixed assets
 and intangible assets. Thus
 the preliminary measurements of fair value reflected are subject to change as additional information becomes available and as additional analysis is performed. The Company expects to finalize the valuation and complete the allocation of the purchase price as soon as practicable
 but no later than one year from the closing date of the acquisition
&#160;million
&#160;million. Goodwill associated with the acquisition is primarily attributable to the future growth opportunities associated with the Transaction
The fair value of the brand trade name was determined utilizing the relief from royalty method which is a form of the income approach. Under this method
 a royalty rate based on observed market royalties is applied to projected revenue supporting the trade name and discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate. The fair value of the property
 since the July&#160;3
 2019 Transaction closing date. During fiscal year 2019
Consistent with prior periods and considering post-merger reporting structures
perating segment. The combined Company&#8217;s brands are predominantly beverages that are manufactured using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content
 generally fall under the same regulatory environment
The following unaudited pro forma information has been prepared
 as if the Transaction and the related debt financing had occurred as of December&#160;31
 2017
 the first day of the Company&#8217;s 2018 fiscal year. The pro forma amounts reflect the combined historical operational results for Boston Beer and Dogfish Head
 after giving effect to adjustments related to the impact of purchase accounting
 transaction costs and financing. The unaudited pro forma financial information is not indicative of the operational results that would have been obtained had the Transaction occurred as of that date
 nor is it necessarily indicative of the Company&#8217;s future operational results. The following adjustments have been made: 





 plant and equipment and intangible assets beginning December&#160;31
 2017.




 weeks ended December&#160;28
 2019 have been 














429
291



















December&#160;28
 


December&#160;29
 





 ex





1
304
239



1
103
061





116
868



98
700







































December&#160;28



December&#160;29





















61
522



44
655





12
631



8
252





31
885



17
342















106
038



70
249





10
048



11
619















116
086



81
868





























December&#160;28



December&#160;29











4
936



3
789


Prepaid advertising
 promotional and selling 


1
649



1
518





1
224









1
206



1
111





1
173



2
179





1
889



3
785















12
077



13
136














Property
Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following: 














December&#160;28



December&#160;29











571
506



459
352





66
011



67
940





25
759



22
295





130
311



115
748





29
202



25
728





48
528



20
830





59
027



22
160















930
344



734
053





389
276



344
264















541
068



389
789










&#160;million
&#160;million
 in fiscal years 2019
 2018
 and 2017
&#160;million in gross fixed assets on July&#160;3
The Company evaluates its assets for impairment when events indicate that an asset or asset group may have suffered impairment. During fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017
&#160;million
&#160;million
pany has various lease agreements in place for facilities and equipment. Terms of these leases include
 in some instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through 2031. As the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable
 the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on information available at commencement to determine the present value of the lease payments. Based on the present value of the lease payments for the remaining lease term of the Company&#8217;s existing leases
 on December&#160;30
 2018. ROU assets and lease liabilities commencing after December&#160;30

 2019
 total ROU assets and lease liabilities were as follows:





























53
758




Property
and equipment
 net 


2
531























5
168























53
940







2
042
as of December&#160;28
 2019 were as follows: 





















2
837

















2
531




























5
625





1
064




































Maturities of lease liabilities as of December&#160;28
 2019 are as follows: 




















































5
755

















9
241

















9
036

















8
995

















8
729

















27
567



































69
323



2
792













10
215



































59
108



2
588


























 weeks ended December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29




















December&#160;28
 


December&#160;29
 


















3
683



3
683





108
846





























112
529



3
683










 weeks ended December&#160;28
The Company&#8217;s intangible assets as of December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018 were as follows: 





































As of December&#160;28
 2019 


As of December&#160;29
 2018 


































































3
800







3
673





















100
599







100
599



2
099







2
099







































104
399







104
272



2
099







2
099






























 weeks ended December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company acquired intangible assets as part of the Dogfish Head Transaction disclosed in Note C
 weeks ended December&#160;28

000




























































December&#160;28



December&#160;29








Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements 


35
394



27
074





20
483



18
171


Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses 


17
009



9
079





6
984



4
587





4
075



1
881





2
758



2
335





2
621









2
091



1
668





7
692



8
616















99
107



73
412














March&#160;31
 2023
 201
% on the unused portion of the facility and is obligated to meet certain financial covenants
measured using earnings before interest
 tax
 as of December&#160;28
 2019
 as of December&#160;28
 2019
 weeks ended December&#160;28
 2019
 the company borrowed and repaid $
 and December&#160;29
There are also certain restrictive covenants set forth in the credit agreement. Pursuant to the negative covenants
 the Company has agreed that it will not: enter into any indebtedness or guarantees other than those specified by the lender
 enter into any sale and leaseback transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of significant assets without the lender&#8217;s prior written consent
 make or maintain any investments other than those permitted in the credit agreement
 or enter into any transactions with affiliates outside of the ordinary course of business. In addition
 the credit agreement requires the Company to obtain prior written consent from the lender on distributions on account of
 or in repurchase
 retirement or purchase of its capital stock or other equity interests with the exception of the following: (a)&#160;distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (a subsidiary of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
 investment shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock
 issued under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 and (c)&#160;redemption of shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash dividends to its holders of common stock. Borrowings under the credit facility may be used for working capital
 capital expenditures and general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. In the event of a default that has not been cured
 the credit facility would terminate and any unpaid principal and accrued interest would become due and payable.





















































18
510



4
471



34
255





8
084



4
894



5
225



















26
594



9
365



39
480



















8
081



12
860



22
489









1
398























7
735



14
258



22
387



















34
329



23
623



17
093
























































State income taxes
 net of federal benefit 























































































































































Due to a change of tax accounting methods for depreciation of certain property
ended December&#160;30
 2017
&#160;million for the tax year ended December&#160;29
 2018.




December&#160;28
 


December&#160;29
 




























15
567









5
868



1
356





5
818



5
156





3
232



1
913





1
914



2
478















32
399



10
903





1
866



1
291















30
533



9
612












Property
 plant and equipment 


78
232



57
099





14
203









10
899









2
209



















105
543



58
781















75
010



49
169










&#160;million
&#160;million
&#160;million for fiscal years 2019
 2018
 and 2017
&#160;million at December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018
 respectively. 







































































































Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
&#160;million
 respectively
In September 2017
 the Internal Revenue Service (&#8220;IRS&#8221;) commenced an examination of the Company&#8217;s 2015 consolidated corporate income tax return. The examination was completed in July 2018 resulting in a no change report. As of December&#160;28
 2019
 the Company&#8217;s 2016
 2017
 depending on the state&#8217;s statute of limitations. The Company is not currently under any income tax audits as of December&#160;28
 2019. In addition
It is reasonably possible that the Company&#8217;s unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease in 2020 if there are changes as a result of potential income tax audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate the range of such possible changes. The Company does not expect that any potential changes would have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
As of December&#160;28
 2019
&#160;million. If unused
 the capital loss carryforward will expire in fiscal year 



As of December&#160;28
 2019
 projected cash outflows under 




































































80
157



47
380



9
827



9
652



4
760



4
338



4
200





52
904



47
810



2
547



2
547














Hops
 barley and wheat 


52
466



35
589



6
346



4
503



2
288



2
157



1
583





35
528



35
528

























20
422



17
123



2
620



















































241
477



188
524



18
793



14
519



7
218



6
540



5
883






























The Company utilizes several varieties of hops in the production of its products. To ensure adequate supplies of these varieties
hop requirements
 among other factors. These purchase commitments extend through crop year 2025 and specify both the quantities and prices
 denominated in U.S.&#160;Dollar
 Euros
 New Zealand Dollars and British Pounds
 to which the Company is committed. Hops purchase commitments outstanding at December&#160;28
&#160;million
 based on the exchange rates on that date. The Company does not use forward currency exchange contracts and intends to purchase future hops using the exchange rate at the time of purchase. These contracts were deemed necessary in order to bring hop inventory levels and purchase commitments into balance with the Company&#8217;s current brewing volume and hop usage forecasts. In addition
Currently
 major suppliers. The contracts include crop year 2019 and 2020 and cover the Company&#8217;s barley
 wheat
 and malt requirements for 2020. These purchase commitments outstanding at December&#160;28
The Company&#8217;s accounting policy for inventory and purchase commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed forecasted needs. The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 cancellation costs and supply
 among others. Actual results may differ materially from management&#8217;s estimates. The Company continues to manage inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization. However
 changes in management&#8217;s assumptions regarding future sales growth
For the fiscal year ended December&#160;28
 2019
% of its volume at Company-owned breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company has historically entered into various production arrangements with other brewing companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the Company supplies raw materials to those brewing companies
 and incurs conversion fees for labor at the time the liquid is produced and packaged. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume requirements in conjunction with certain production arrangements
During fiscal years 2018 and 2019
The amendment grants the Company the right to extend the agreement beyond the December&#160;31
 2021 termination date on an annual basis through December&#160;31
&#160;million dollars for capital improvements at City Brewing facilities
&#160;million had been paid as of December&#160;28
&#160;million is expected to be paid in May 2020. In fiscal year 2019
% of the Company&#8217;s annual shipment volume. At December&#160;28
 2019
&#160;million in other assets
The Company&#8217;s arrangements with other brewing companies require it to periodically purchase equipment in support of brewery operations. As of December&#160;28
 2019
 there were no significant equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing contracts. Changes to the Company&#8217;s brewing strategy or existing production arrangements
The Company is currently not a party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 



hierarchy
 










 either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term
 a Level&#160;2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.





 if any
money market funds are invested substantially in United States Treasury and government securities. The Company does not adjust the quoted market price for such financial instruments. Cash
 receivables and payables are carried at their cost
 which approximates fair value
At December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018
 the Company had money market funds with a &#8220;Triple A&#8221; rated money market fund. The Company considers the &#8220;Triple A&#8221; rated money market fund to be a large
 highly-rated investment-grade institution. As of December&#160;28
 2019
 and December&#160;29
 2018
&#160;million
 respectively
&#160;million
 respectively. 



The Class&#160;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except (1)&#160;as required by law
 (2)&#160;for the election of Class&#160;A Directors
 and (3)&#160;that the approval of the holders of the Class&#160;A Common Stock is required for (a)&#160;certain future authorizations or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to Class&#160;A Common Stock
 (b)&#160;certain alterations of rights or terms of the Class&#160;A or Class&#160;B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (c)&#160;other amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&#160;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
The Class&#160;B Common Stock has full voting rights
 including the right to (1)&#160;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors and (2)&#160;approve all (a)&#160;amendments to the Company&#8217;s Articles of Organization
 (b)&#160;mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&#160;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#8217;s assets
 and (d)&#160;equity-based and other executive compensation and other significant corporate matters. The Company&#8217;s Class&#160;B Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class&#160;B Common Stock is freely convertible into one share of Class&#160;A Common Stock
 upon request of any Class&#160;B holder
All distributions with respect to the Company&#8217;s capital stock are restricted by the Company&#8217;s credit agreement
 with the exception of distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
Boston Beer Corporation
 investment shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock issued under the Company&#8217;s equity incentive plan
The Company&#8217;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;Equity Plan&#8221;) currently provides for the grant of discretionary options
 restricted stock awards and restricted stock units to employees
 and provides for shares to be sold to employees of the Company at a discounted purchase price under its investment share program. The Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the Company
 based on recommendations received from the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee consists of three independent directors. In determining the quantities and types of awards for grant
 the Compensation Committee periodically reviews the objectives of the Company&#8217;s compensation system and takes into account the position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the nature and value to the Company of his or her service and accomplishments
 his or her present and potential contributions to the success of the Company
Stock options and related vesting requirements and terms are granted at the Board of Directors&#8217; discretion
-year periods and
 with respect to certain options granted to members of senior management
 based on the Company&#8217;s performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual term of stock options is 
 term. During fiscal years 2019
 2018
 and 2017






 respectively
 of its Class&#160;A Common Stock to employees at market price on the grant dates. Of the shares granted in 2019

11
In December 2018
 the Employee Equity Incentive Plan was amended to permit the grant of restricted stock units. Previously
 the Company granted restricted stock awards. Restricted stock units are also granted at the Board of Directors&#8217; discretion. During fiscal years 2019
 2018
 and 2017






 respectively
 of restricted stock units or awards to certain senior managers and key employees
%
. Participants may pay for these shares either up front or through payroll deductions over an eleven-month period during the year of purchase. During fiscal years 2019
 2018
 and 2017






&#160;million shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Equity Plan
&#160;million shares were available for grant as of December&#160;28
 Director Plan&#8221;)
. During fiscal years 2019
 2018





 directors
 Director Plan
&#160;million shares were available for grant as of December&#160;28
 2019. Shares under any cancelled 


































Outstanding at December&#160;29
 2018 


366
829

















31
286





















































82
437
































Outstanding at December&#160;28
 2019 


315
678











60
680




















Exercisable at December&#160;28
 2019 


93
113











21
430




















Vested and expected to vest at December&#160;28
 2019 


286
312











55
522


















Of the total options outstanding at December&#160;28
 2019

40
On April&#160;30
 2018

 per share

325
































Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses 


3
996



3
243



2
868





8
341



6
792



3
448



















12
337



10
035



6
316



















1
944



1
750


















As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company uses a lattice model
 such as the trinomial option-pricing model
less effective than the trinomial option-pricing model in valuing long-term options
 as it assumes that volatility and interest rates are constant over the life of the option. In addition
 the Company believes that the trinomial option-pricing model more accurately reflects the fair value of its stock awards
 as it takes into account historical employee exercise patterns based on changes in the Company&#8217;s stock price and other relevant variables. The weighted-average fair value of stock options granted in fiscal years 2019
 2018
 and 2017 was $
 $
 per share
 respectively
 as calculated using a trinomial option-pricing model.































































































The Company uses the straight-line attribution method in recognizing stock-based compensation expense for awards that vest based on service conditions. For awards that vest subject to performance conditions
The Company recognizes compensation expense
The total fair value of options vested during fiscal years 2019
 2018
&#160;million
&#160;million
&#160;million
 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during fiscal years 2019
 2018
&#160;million
&#160;million
&#160;million
Based on equity awards outstanding as of December&#160;28
 2019
&#160;million of unrecognized compensation costs
 net of estimated forfeitures
er 28
 2019 that are ex











10
231





7
529





5
000





1
731

















24
825



























 at December&#160;29
 2018


126
720









30
410









33
205









1
783
















 at December&#160;28
 2019


122
142














33
20
22
In 1998

 2019
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 




























Repurchased at December&#160;31
 2016 


12
483
556



607
750





963
790



144
602












Repurchased at December&#160;30
 2017 


13
447
346



752
352





349
691



88
312












Repurchased at December&#160;29
 2018 


13
797
037



840
664
































Repurchased at December&#160;28
 2019 


13
797
037



840
664














 other retirement plans
 one of which covers substantially all union employees
The Boston Beer Company 401(k) Plan (the &#8220;Boston Beer 401(k) Plan&#8221;)
 which was established by the Company in 1993
 employees who are employed by Boston Beer Corporation
 American Craft Brewery LLC
 A&#160;&amp; S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 or Angry Orchard Cider Company
% of their annual compensation
1

 million
 million
 million in fiscal years 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 respectively. The basic annual administrative fee for the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&#8217;s investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider Payment Agreement
 a credit up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year is available for paying eligible Plan expenses. Participant forfeitures are also available for paying eligible Plan expenses. The Company is responsible for the payment of any additional fees related to the management of the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the Company. In January 2020
% of the eligible compensation participants contribute. Thereafter
% of the eligible contribution
As part of the Dogfish Head Transaction
 the Company acquired The Dogfish Head 401(k) Plan (the &#8220;Dogfish Head 401(k) Plan&#8221;)
% of their annual compensation
% of the eligible compensation participants contribute. Thereafter
million in fiscal year 2019. In January 2020
all union employees upon commencement of employment or
 if later
% of their annual compensation to the SACB 401(k) Plan
 subject to IRS limitations. Company contributions for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 were insignificant. The basic annual administrative fee for the SACB 401(k) Plan is paid by the Plan&#8217;s investment fund revenue. In addition
 per the Service Provider Payment Agreement
 a credit up to a maximum of two basis points multiplied by the total amount of assets under the Plan per year
 excluding participant loans
The Samuel Adams Brewery Company
No. 1199 (&#8220;Local Union 1199&#8221;)
 or persons on leave from the Company who are employed by Local Union 1199
314
000
315
238
 in fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. At December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018
&#160;million
The Company provides a supplement to eligible retirees from Local 1
 Local 20
 and Local Union 1199 to assist them with the cost of Medicare gap coverage after their retirement on account of age or permanent disability. To qualify for this benefit (collectively
 the &#8220;Retiree Medical Plan&#8221;)
 years for the Company or its predecessor at the Company&#8217;s Cincinnati Brewery
 years before retirement and
Local 20
 years of their employment
% at December&#160;28
% at December&#160;29
% health care cost increase based on the Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for the years 2019
 2018
In addition
 the comprehensive medical plan offered to currently employed members of Local 20 remains available to them should they retire after reaching age 
 and before reaching age 
 with at least 






























December&#160;28



December&#160;29



December&#160;28



December&#160;29











3
946



3
322













6
680



5
357































2
734



2
035


























On April&#160;21
 2019
 the Company reached an agreement with the Local Union 1199 to terminate the Local Union No.&#160;1199 Pension Plan effective January&#160;1
Prior to the agreement with the Local 1199 Union to terminate the pension plan
 the Local 1199 Pension Plan invested in a family of funds designed to minimize excessive short-term risk and focus on consistent
 competitive long-term performance
 consistent with the funds&#8217; investment objectives. The fund-specific objectives vary and include maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
 maximizing total return from capital appreciation plus income
As a result of the Local 1199 Pension Plan termination
% at December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018
 respectively.














December&#160;28



December&#160;29




















































































December&#160;28



December&#160;29



December&#160;30





(in thousands
 except per share data) 





110
041



92
663



99
049

































82
474



68
080



73
114





26
600



23
710



25
391

































110
041



92
663



99
049



















8
908



8
620



8
933





2
873



3
002



3
102

































11
886



11
733



12
102










































































100
 shares to Class&#160;A Common Stock on March&#160;7
 2017
79
 shares to Class&#160;A Common Stock on October&#160;31
 2017
100
 shares to Class&#160;A Common Stock on November&#160;1
 2018
100
 shares to Class&#160;A Common stock on August&#160;8
145
 shares to Class&#160;A Common stock on December&#160;13
The Company calculates diluted net income per share for common stock using the more dilutive of (1)&#160;the treasury stock method
 method
The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net income per share
 assuming the conversion of all Class&#160;B Common Stock into Class&#160;A Common Stock and using the 


















 weeks ended December&#160;28
 2019 















(in thousands
 except per









82
474



8
908





































26
600



2
873























109
084



11
908














 weeks ended December&#160;29
 2018 















(in thousands
 except per









68
080



8
620





































23
710



3
002























91
798



11
734














 weeks ended December&#160;30
 2017 















(in thousands
 except per









73
114



8
933





































25
391



3
102























98
512



12
180





 $
 for the fiscal years 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 respectively
23





 2018
 and 2017
 respectively
 but not included in computing diluted income per share because their effects were anti-dilutive. Additionally






 2018
2017
 
 but not included in computing dilutive income per share because the performance criteria of these stock options were not met as of December&#160;28
 2019
 December&#160;29
 2018
 and December&#160;30
 2017
 respectively.



Accumulated other comprehensive loss represents amounts of unrecognized actuarial gains or losses related to the Company sponsored defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement medical plan
 net of tax effect
 and cumulative currency translation adjustments. Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent actuarial losses or gains
 net of tax effect

 2018
 and 2017 (in thousands):













Balance at December&#160;31
 2016 


1
103








Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of&#160;tax&#160;benefit&#160;of&#160;$





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax benefit of $

















Balance at December&#160;30
 2017 


1
288


Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of&#160;taxes&#160;of&#160;$





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of taxes of $





2018-02
 

















Balance at December&#160;29
 2018 


1
197








Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of&#160;taxes&#160;of&#160;$





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of taxes of $

















Balance at December&#160;28
 2019 


1
669










In addition
 the Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses.


































































































































4
636



43
920



42
284



6
272





3
072



36
213



34
649



4
636





3
078



30
171



30
177



3
072







































2
580



8
092



4
297



6
375





1
826



4
175



3
421



2
580





2
262



5
751



6
187



1
826







































2
146



4
406



4
724



1
828





3
023



2
691



3
568



2
146





5
226



5
449



7
652



3
023








183
In addition
 for fiscal 2019

000



The Company evaluated subsequent events occurring after the balance sheet date
 December&#160;28
 2019
 and concluded that there were no events of which management was aware that occurred after the balance sheet date that would require any adjustment to or disclosure in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.



The Company&#8217;s fiscal quarters are consistently determined year to year and generally consist of 13 weeks
 except in those fiscal years in which there are fifty-three weeks where the last fiscal quarters then consist of 14 weeks. In management&#8217;s opinion
 the following unaudited information includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the information for the quarters presented. 











































December&#160;28



September&#160;28



June&#160;29



March&#160;30



December&#160;29



September&#160;29



June&#160;30



March&#160;31































(In thousands
 except per share data) 





301
300



378
466



318
407



251
651



225
222



306
870



273
100



190
457







































142
789



187
835



159
002



124
540



116
949



157
227



141
970



96
097







































17
702



59
836



37
932



29
443



28
851



46
728



31
064



9
238







































13
762



44
729



27
856



23
694



21
811



38
007



23
535



9
310















































































































































































 the Company recorded a $




 quarter of 2019
 million
 transaction fees related to the Dogfish Head Transaction
 respectively.







The Company&#8217;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation
The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
The Company&#8217;s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;28
 2019. As described in Item 1 and in Note C of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 we completed the Dogfish Head Brewery Transaction in July 2019. As permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC
 we excluded from our assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Dogfish Head Brewery
 whose financial statements reflect total assets and net revenues constituting approximately 12% and 4%
 respectively
 of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019. In making this assessment
. Based on its assessment
 the Company believes that
 as of December&#160;28
 2019
The effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;28
 2019 has been audited by Deloitte&#160;&amp; Touche LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
The Boston Beer Company
Boston
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December&#160;28
 2019
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;28
 2019
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019
 of the Company and our report dated February&#160;19

 on December&#160;30
As described in Management&#8217;s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Dogfish Head Brewery
 which was acquired on July&#160;3
 2019
 and whose financial statements constitute 12% of total assets and 4% of net revenues of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019. Accordingly
The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 








Boston
 Massachusetts 

February&#160;19
No changes in the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December&#160;28
 2019 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. As set forth above
 we excluded from our assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Dogfish Head Brewery for the year ended December&#160;28
 2019. We consider Dogfish Head material to our results of operations
 financial position and cash flows
 and we are in the process of integrating the internal control procedures of Dogfish Head into our internal control structure. 







Directors
In December 2002
 the Board of Directors of the Company adopted a (i)&#160;Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer
 and (ii)&#160;Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was amended effective August&#160;1
 2007 to provide for a third-party whistleblower hotline. These
 as well as the charters of each of the Board Committees
 are posted on the Company&#8217;s investor relations website
 
 and are available in print to any shareholder who requests them. Such requests should be directed to the Investor Relations Department
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 MA 02210. The Company intends to disclose any amendment to
 or waiver from
The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting to be held on May&#160;14
 2020. 



The Information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting to be held on May&#160;14
 2020. 



The information required by Item 12 with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting to be held on May&#160;14
 2020. 


















 Outstanding&#160;Options



 Outstanding&#160;Options









315
678 







1
170
632 

































315
678 







1
170
632 


















Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting to be held on May&#160;14
 2020. 



The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting to be held on May&#160;14
 2020. 



Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules

























Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&#160;28
 2019 and December&#160;29
 2018





Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&#160;28
 2019
 December&#160;29
 2018
 and December&#160;30
 2017





Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity for the years ended December&#160;28
 2019
 December&#160;29
 2018
 and December&#160;30
 2017





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&#160;28
 2019
 December&#160;29
 2018
 and December&#160;30
 2017









All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission have been omitted because they are inapplicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements
 or notes thereto
 included herein. 























Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated May&#160;8
 2019
 with Dogfish Head Holding Company
 Canoe Acquisition Corp.
 and solely with respect to the indemnification obligations set forth in the Merger Agreement
 Samuel A. Calagione III and Mariah D. Calagione (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May&#160;9
 2019). 











Membership Unit Purchase Agreement
 dated May&#160;8
 2019
 by and among The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 Dogfish East of the Mississippi LP
 and solely with respect to indemnification obligations set forth therein
 Samuel A. Calagione III and Mariah D. Calagione (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May&#160;9
 2019). 











Membership Unit Purchase Agreement
 dated as of May&#160;8
 2019
 by and among The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and DFH Investors LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May&#160;9
 2019). 











Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company
 dated June&#160;2
 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed on August&#160;10
 1998). 











Restated Articles of Organization of the Company
 dated November&#160;17
 1995
 as amended August&#160;4
 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed on August&#160;10
 1998). 









































Stockholder Rights Agreement
 dated as of December 1995
 among The Boston Beer Company


 1996). (P)











Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 as Borrowers
 and Bank of America
 N.A. (successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank)
 effective as of July&#160;1
 2002 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s 10-Q
 filed on August&#160;13
 2002). 











Letter Agreement dated August&#160;4
 2004 amending the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A. (successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank) and The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s 10-Q
 filed on November&#160;4
 2004). 











Amendment dated February&#160;27
 2007 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A.
 successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank
 and The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March&#160;15
 2007). 











Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among the Company and Boston Beer Corporation
 as borrowers
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as the lender
 effective as of March&#160;10
 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May&#160;6
 2008). 











Production Agreement between Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. and Brown-Forman Distillery Company
 a division of Brown-Forman Corporation
 effective as of April&#160;11
 2005 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s 10-Q filed on May&#160;5
 2005). 











Brewing Services Agreement between CBC Latrobe Acquisition
 LLC and Boston Beer Corporation dated March&#160;28
 2007 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May&#160;10
 2007). 











Office Lease Agreement between Boston Design Center LLC and Boston Beer Corporation dated March&#160;24
 2006 (&#8220;Office Lease Agreement&#8221;)
 as amended on September&#160;29
 2006
 October&#160;31
 2007
 March&#160;25
 2008
 August&#160;27
 2012
 February&#160;22
 2013
 and June&#160;3
 filed on May&#160;11
 filed on February&#160;18
 2016).











 Directors
 originally adopted in 1996 and amended and restated on October&#160;19
 2004
 as amended on October&#160;30
 2009
 effective as of January&#160;1
 filed on November&#160;28
 2009); amended and restated on December&#160;12
 2012
 effective as of January&#160;1
 2012; amended and restated on March&#160;9
 2016
 effective as of March&#160;9
 filed on July&#160;21
 2016).











Amendment dated January&#160;24
 2014 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A.
 successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank
 and The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January&#160;28
 2014). 











The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended on February&#160;23
 1996
 December&#160;20
 1997
 December&#160;19
 2005
 December&#160;19
 2006
 December&#160;21
 2007
 October&#160;30
 2009
 October&#160;8
 2013
 October&#160;8
 2014
 and December&#160;9
 2015
 December&#160;20
 2017
 and December&#160;20
 2018 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December&#160;21
 2018).&#160;

















Martin F. Roper Proprietary Information and Restrictive Covenant Agreement dated February&#160;2
 2017 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February&#160;6
 2017). 











Offer Letter to David A. Burwick
 future Chief Executive Officer and President
 dated January&#160;23
 2018 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February&#160;16
 2018). 











Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among the Company and Boston Beer Corporation
 as borrowers
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as the lender
 effective as of March&#160;27
 2018 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March&#160;30
 2018). 











Employment Agreement of Samuel A. Calagione III
 dated July&#160;3
 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s 10-Q filed on July&#160;25
 2019) 











Offer Letter to Lesya Lysyj
 future Chief Marketing Officer
 dated March&#160;21
 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#8217;s 10-Q filed on July&#160;25
 2019). 











Registration Rights Agreement with the Former Dogfish Head Stockholders
 dated July&#160;3
 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s 10-Q filed on July&#160;25
 2019). 











Indemnification Agreement with the Dogfish Head Founders
 dated July&#160;3
 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s 10-Q filed on July&#160;25
 2019). 











List of subsidiaries of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. effective as of December&#160;28
 2019.&#160;











Consent of Deloitte&#160;&amp; Touche LLP
 an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.&#160;











Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.











Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 











Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18&#160;U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 











Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18&#160;U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 



































































































Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 on this 19






THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. 







Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated have signed this report below. 
















President
 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Director 















































































 


As of
December&nbsp;28
 2019
 the Company had two classes of securities registered under Section&nbsp;12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;): (1) Class&nbsp;A Common Stock; and (2)&nbsp;Class&nbsp;B Common
The
&nbsp;subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company&#146;s Restated Articles of Organization
(&#147;By-Laws&#148;)

 for additional
At
December&nbsp;28
 2019
 the Company had 22
700
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 9
470
397 were issued and outstanding
 which includes 99
871 shares that have trading restrictions. 
The Class&nbsp;A Common Stock has
no voting rights
 except: (1)&nbsp;as required by law
 (2)&nbsp;for the election of Class&nbsp;A Directors
 and (3)&nbsp;that the approval of the holders of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is required for (a)&nbsp;future authorizations or issuances of
additional securities which have rights senior to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 (b)&nbsp;alterations of rights or terms of the Class&nbsp;A or Class&nbsp;B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of Organization
 (c)&nbsp;certain other amendments of
the Articles of Organization
 (d)&nbsp;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 and (e)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s assets. 
Holders of the Class&nbsp;A
Common Stock are entitled to dividends
 basis
 only if and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Company out of funds legally available for
payment thereof. Since its inception
 the Company has not paid dividends and does not currently anticipate paying dividends on its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 
Holders of Class&nbsp;A Common
Other Rights and Preferences
The Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock has no sinking fund or redemption provisions or preemptive
 conversion
 or exchange rights. 
The Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is traded
on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol &#147;SAM.&#148; 
&nbsp;subject to and







 

 2019
 the Company had 4
200
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;B Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 2
672
983 shares were
The
Class&nbsp;B Common Stock has full voting rights
 including the right to: (1)&nbsp;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors and (2)&nbsp;approve all (a)&nbsp;amendments to the Company&#146;s Articles of Organization
(b)&nbsp;mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s assets and
 (d)&nbsp;equity-based and other executive compensation
 and other significant
corporate matters
 such as approval of the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm. 

 on a
 basis
 only if and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Company out of funds legally available for payment thereof. Since its inception
 the
Company has not paid dividends and does not currently anticipate paying dividends on its Class&nbsp;B Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 
Holders of Class&nbsp;B Common
Other Rights and Preferences
Each share of Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is freely convertible into one share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 upon request of any holder of
The
Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is not listed for trading. 















 

The Boston Beer
Company
 Inc. 
December&nbsp;28
A&amp;S Brewing
Collaborative LLC 
(a Massachusetts limited liability
(a
Angry Orchard Cider Company
 LLC 
Boston Beer Corporation
Boston Beer Corporation
Canada
Boston
Brewing Company
Canoe
Dogfish Head
Craft Brewery LLC 
(a Delaware limited liability
Dogfish Head Land Holdings
(a Delaware
(a Delaware
Dogfish Head Marketing
(a
Delaware limited liability company) 




 
Dogfish CVI
 LLC 

Dogfish Properties
 LLC
Freetown
Acquisition Company
 LLC 
(a Delaware limited liability
Lazy River Cider Co.
(a Delaware limited
(a
Off Centered Way
 LLC 
Providence Street
Associates
SABC
Realty
TM on
Hold LLC 















 

333-68531


333-163315
333-12221
333-85110


333-121057
333-140250
333-148374


 of our reports dated February&nbsp;19
 2020
 relating to the consolidated financial
statements of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 and the effectiveness of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
 of The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2019. 

February&nbsp;19
 2020 















 

 David A. Burwick
1. I have reviewed this
 of The Boston Beer Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The


and have: 




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
Date: February&nbsp;19
 2020 




























 

 Frank H. Smalla
1. I have reviewed this
 of The Boston Beer Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The


and have: 




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
Date: February&nbsp;19
 2020 




























 

 Inc. 
18
U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 


 for the
period ended December&nbsp;28
 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 David A. Burwick
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350 of Chapter 63 of
Title 18
 United States Code
 that this Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date: February&nbsp;19
 2020 










A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 or other document authenticating
acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 has been provided to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and will be retained by The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 















 

 Inc. 
18
U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 


 for the
period ended December&nbsp;28
 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Frank H. Smalla
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United
States Code
 that this Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial
Date: February&nbsp;19
 2020 










A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 or other document authenticating
acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 has been provided to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and will be retained by The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Net of Tax






























































 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Tax and Reclassification Adjustment







 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax






 Net of Tax







































 Nonoperating



















































































 Liability






 Net


























 Value















 Liability
































 Net

































 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment





























 Shares






 Shares



































 Share-based Compensation











 Options






 Value



















 Revenue from Contracts with Customers




 Current Period






 Shares





 Value
















 Revenue from Contracts with Customers













 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment
 Tax








 Revenue from Contracts with Customers







 Cash Equivalents






 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)









 Noncash Items








































































































 Excluding Capitalized Interest







































 Plant






 Plant

























































































































 Accrued Liabilities
 and Other Liabilities Disclosure
































































































 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents






 Credit Risk













































 Plant and Equipment



















































 General and Administrative Expenses








 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales




































 but is not limited to














































































 Stock Options






















 Basic
 by Common Class






 Diluted
 by Common Class
















































































 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant and Equipment






 Liability















































 Plant and Equipment
 Gross






 Plant and Equipment
 Net


 plant and equipment
 net






















































 Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings


 Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment













































































 Plant and Equipment





 Plant and Equipment



























 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable





















 Equity Instruments Other than Options







 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value





 Contingent Consideration
 Asset





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed







 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed











 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date





 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date





 Interest Rate





 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate






 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable











 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed





























































 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs





































 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant







 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed





 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Change in Amount of Contingent Consideration















 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share





 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share





































 Finished Goods





 Raw Materials





 Work in Process










 Capitalized
 Prepaid




 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid



 Capitalized
 Prepaid



 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid



 Capitalized
 Prepaid



 Miscellaneous

























































 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment
 Gross




 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

































 Liability












 Liability





























































 Right-of-Use Asset















 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments





 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments





 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments





 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments





 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments





 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments





 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments






 Operating Lease
 Liability










 Weighted Average Discount Rate




 Payments


 Payments




 Liability
 Payments





 Liability
 Payments





 Liability
 Payments





 Liability
 Payments





 Liability
 Payments





 Liability
 Payments





 Liability
 Payments





 Liability














 Weighted Average Discount Rate










































 Amortization Expense





 Amortization Expense





 Amortization Expense





 Amortization Expense





 Amortization Expense




































































































 Interest Rate
































































































 State and Local





















 Percent











 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance





 Change in Enacted Tax Rate





 Deduction
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan Dividend





 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity





 Other Adjustments





 State and Local Income Taxes



































 Capital Loss Carryforwards




 Capital Loss Carryforwards









































 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits





 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals























































 Property
























































































































































































































































































 Nonvested Awards






 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized











 Discount from Market Price





 Fair Value Assumptions




 fair value assumptions



 Fair Value Assumptions















 Options
 Exercises in Period





 Options
 Grants in Period





 Options
 Grants in Period





 Options
 Outstanding







 Options
 Vested in Period





 Options
 Vested






 Options
 Vested

















 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Outstanding





















 Cumulative Shares Repurchased






 cumulative shares repurchased



































 Options





 Options
 Exercisable





 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding





 Options




 Options



 Options
 Exercisable





 Options
 Outstanding





 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding





 Options
 Exercisable





 Options





 Options
 Grants in Period





 Options
 Outstanding





 Options
 Exercisable





 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding





 Options
 Exercises in Period





 Options
 Grants in Period





 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding




































 Fair Value Assumptions





 Fair Value Assumptions




 a factor representing the value of the underlying stock as a multiple of the exercise price of the option which
 if achieved



 Fair Value Assumptions





 Fair Value Assumptions






























 Equity Instruments Other than Options





 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures





 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options





 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period






























































































































 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation






 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation






 Plan Assets





 Plan Assets
 Target Allocation
















 Employer Matching Contribution



















 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee




















 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost





 Employer Matching Contribution




























































































 Basic
 by Common Class


 Basic
 by Common Class




 Basic
 by Common Class


 Basic
 by Common Class







































 Basic and Diluted


 Basic and Diluted



 Basic and Diluted



 Basic and Diluted


 Basic and Diluted



 Basic and Diluted



 Effect on Basic Earnings Per Share


























































 Options

















 Defined Benefit Plan
 before Reclassification Adjustment





 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI











 Defined Benefit Plan
 before Reclassification Adjustment






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI







































 12-09


























 Operating Lease



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g860744g63e38.jpg

M87 O



M;7 Z36]D:69Y1&%T93XR
#(P+3 R+3$U5#$R.C X.C(V*S U.C

C M
#(M
M
354
3(Z
#@Z
C8K
#4Z







M0TY546YK-D]Z3FAD55I(5$0P=4E)2F]-2D-H9UIH2E)&4G%3
%9T3E9+0G)Y


M9UI*:EI&1VED:V1&53
FA*4VMT3515-5!2;&19
M5U9P8EA&
658

61N9#1E6' W9D@Q*V8S3T5H




M2W!39&8X07DY5D))9%

4MS3U!
:TM6


M-EEQ:4QA.3AN
U55
$$[

5A6.4=.
4

M:D)A2'5A9&-66'(U:B]


M4V=%36XO04%



M
4HQ:C V8WE10DQH

7I1



-F=I-$UG86]B



W5L6&=

D-J4TMK
$$[5U598C1F:D@R
M*U<Q1E5W=]W06HO2C!A3D1
3F4S9'$T264R=4I9-4504#9V-FAR-EEC8VA9




M9E-8



5%A9G%2:64X=%DU3&1&86$S9VAH:&TU


M3&-
8W1Y=#0V=&-X

'A65#%
.&UF2RMO

M6#AS.48Q3%=(
6E7-G5O=%%95S-#84@V=79P=&%X
T519%%95T)

=3-L
#8S

5V8K5W$S+W=#:V0O.$%Q=FER=E


O-E(S+S9R-'$W


5V8K5W$S+S92

M6B\U87)F+T%+4C


R]W



DMP5G)8+TA3
$@O;4]F










M0418:7)U3C$O=GA0*T%0+T%$6&EQ5#9V-7!S=$U



9G)8;5171DA#3GA!9CDQ46E3
&=/
M


M2FAT3DQU
$$[2#5M=F50-DPX=E124E!69G)/<%-*8CA'.%1!

'4U.'=W85=T=U(V
$9P0WI21E5Q45!5

'-8
M



6UR
M*VHW930Q2'=A


')3*V(W

M3RMF9E S-6EA3G Q=E!O;FLV-'9*-5IL4F\O.39Y239&;DI3

M
G=
2'(R=TMY5T
S.#4V:$1(2F

M931A

#%'

M

M:'

E!40W).+TIV+T%#



4\V





RLO

M;GDU67I81%A3=DIB
VI5-5AD=59H;&%N5&UY2U!502]L97$K
DMQ3%$K6G)-
M


W
M
3EL=$QP56EK63E317%V0U=N8WAS=SDX5E1(

\V5T8U1T)59CA65R]&2D<O


M3E5G-3-35FUT+W)

BM

4]8
F1S2W939DIV.$%Y:CA0+T=A


M;T\Q=F5G
$$[
M

$5X2WAI-759
M;T=

$$[
7IF
GII:G).1DA&1V9::W4R
M:6(O:$U666PU

G1X92MS3G!63'%V
6E'


O.$%P16PO




M

RMR1EAF6#EA:4Y*.4LY461J85A%8VXS*W5
7AN-4$T<7EN5]!

GA6

X;&]&


M;4XU62]-9EAF3#8R4&PO6#=F5$PX5'!)
7I%;'AA3C9A:&=6.5-/5V-M=%(X
M4$@V8U94;E%03%=Q

W)&









7A6


DMU


$5I3VI
&1E875T5EI19FE5:GA'2W-(=5!.9FQA5#9N



M6#

M;FDQ-DM45'!N5S1D3#99;WEX46UC34LS6DI34D9A;$)Y
C




O8U%V=BMQ
DMU+W=!339B+W8V*R\W:48Y+S%7

M;S%K6&0U;V(V67$T9T5C;$9

M1C9D3W5R-E)B0S1E
$$[<'8X078V*R\W:48Y+W=5G-667IR=#EO1VYA<DAO
7=M='!
M95-15SA.-T)F



T5
-R]Q=&ER

35P=F9
*VE88V5N
U
V

$$[=31Y1'EL6&-J:4\U<595EAE5G9Z0CAU6#DS66%$6FDV.5IR
M9'9Q

C O-'=X+SA21TMO;D9867%L369L
M1'EL15I$2&]L9VAM
VQ+

TI4




M04MN

4MF5$Q38E5636)
97E1
M4G1/1$5367E*0W90-$-F:#
R-UEQ:4Q$5&1/
#8S1G1P.7)$6C(V
$$[-'%V<TY#,%14
M<%AM,]4-V%Z;&Q(1U-30T=/2FU(3G!+355!2DA.

M5DPY4SAU*U@Y56U38E4Y371
$$[
M45AM;C8P3'DP3$98U%08E-X.#%B:58U;VA7;V)A;FII<G(V.'-D4&MT;S<O




'A68F%H8G4R:75R6%5N
M=4Q7-%):64HT:D$X8GAU3U-U:DQ'47ES1%5%67%Q9E9*+RM7



R-T)
:4Y405=J

M

51X5C
Q4V8O



CEV
M3G%J4EA&
GI*87=U8F18;%I%36I

4HU

S-1+SA!





W!


M;E(P361#4%%J6#EP
5!65#)X5E=U-#1

493.#!O
TM+95-R371V24%E;%%'

M9792841&54Q
FUE-'1R<#=L
C134$TY=WA6

M0U0O04





M
$$[

R2S$T
#4P-BLR2V](579Y+SAO86QQ15=O


M9CA!26EB+T%*;WA6
S919R]K;2]W0U)%
R].1TMU+U-%2#AK
R]):6(O;6I&
M6&9P0T0K4V(O:U).+WI2:7)V

S919R]K;2]W
M0U)%
R].1TMU+U-%2#AK



N861O

M1D8Y1#1#
#$Q03

M1#1#
#$Q03







S(Y
C9#-4)$-$9%03$Q.#8P14)&1CE$-$
P
3%!
SPO


S(Y
C9#-4)$-$9%03$Q.#8P14)&1CE$-$
P
3%!
SPO

M1&]C=6UE;G1)1#YU=6ED.C=E.6$P-#0V+68T-&0M-&(R-2UB-3@W+3DU9CAE
M86
Y





P
3%!

M=G0Z:6YS=&%N8V5)1#X*( @( @( @( @( @( @/'-T179T.G=H96X^
M
C R



3@V


M9&






M)B-X03M
;V-A;!4:6UE.B @( @( @( @( Q-2U&96(M,C R, Q
#HT

C R

@='EP


C4N)B-X03LF(WA!.^* HB V
B!B;&%C





M+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM+2TM

C R

3HU

BXV)B-X



M-C-E
S@N86DF(WA!.U5S97)N86UE.B @( @( @( @( @1&5L=&$F(WA!
M.TQO8V%L(%1I;64Z( @( @( @( @(#$U+49E8BTR
#(P(#$R.C X.C(Q
M)B-X03M%4U0@5&EM93H@( @( @( @( @(#$U+49E8BTR
#(P(# R.C
X



M8VAE8VL@:7





@87)E('!R97-E






C P
C$U
M




BB @( @( @( @
M('AM;&YS.G-T1FYT/2)H='1P.B\O;G








# P

M( @( @/'-T1&EM.F@^.#0N
# P
# P/]S=$1I;3IH/@H@( @( @( @



# Q+C P










M97-O=7)C92(^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QX;7!'.F=R;W5P3F%M93Y$

M( @( @( @(#QX;7!'.F=R;W5P5'EP93XP/]X;7!'.F=R;W5P5'EP93X*



M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @

$!08'  $ D1$A=7U1
4%A@A




MPM)3_]H # 




[%H'B]P'U'Q![-&9V+0/%
M[@/J/B#V:


[%H'B]P'U'Q![-&9V+0/%[@/J/B#V:


[%H'B]P'U'Q
M![-&9V+0/%[@/J/B#V:


[%H'B]P'U'Q![-&9V+0/%[@/J/B#V:


[
M%H'B]P'U'Q![-&9V+0/%[@/J/B#V:


[%H'B]P'U'Q![-&9V+0/%[@/J/
MB#V:

M#ZCX@]FC
[%H'B]P'U'Q![-&9V+0/%[@/J/B#V:


[%H'B]P'U'Q![-&9
MV+0/%[@/J/B#V:


[%H'B]P'U'Q![-&9V+0/%[@/J/B#V:


[%H'B]
MP'U'Q![-&9V+0/%[@/J/B#V:


[%H'B]P'U'Q![-&9V+0/%[@/J/B#V:

M]FC
[%H'B]P'U'Q![-&9V+0/%[@/J/B#V:


M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0

82G)D&C)A<J


J(Q?

M%KO'M'M=)$3
%R3@Y%=

6C^4M:Q&\T4I17F

M[N8:(Z0;9R83G/9V*79$$]N#;QQ:Y]&8.Q44NT68%)NP[-^
8 MU-3W/%K
9
ML=/]-R;*:E%VH=5

SMQPW


RV;5RBRA





F)K=.!M]@
MMX!&-.%+

NN:;F;9+SSLSZ_+Y


M_%F]KC&SUXL7UP?^PYGB3;%:L2E/SL?S/BC276)SE@BZ
S6T3-2P^ 7 UY(D
MA

7DL
MDJ/.
[,=J: = 9I -UEC8A%3YH /(J:99JDGQ2W'E

*4X;
MF5\,UVPQK#K^\([%!9ZR00W:X9?D1KN-QD'U%<-5/.% ;4G* O<\EA6
M!
'$Q/3U(T8.$Z)+=,LWZK+Y8C8T?E5)BJ!4YY.MPA+:\DQ40=&!=?6$P@O
M/)5[P12(&%\L P 8R\[5]!0

M8R-C-#
2-@D-/Y[6B41&7&9MR$Q6*YRB?:/,@1A'CQ$6F@K)APNH):\$ME
MUH0L37TK!3-%73)^I-.-ENC9F\9

G/R0]8]Q=8G-

\VU(J#O


M^+


.R^DI+#'47NI+$M1[%DB*:


M

QDH%\#C\_-FPQ
2SALU3-W[;+\^EX7K6#Q_/NRKZX@W

M[H$U(
@35KI^+M:9P5+

M^@R0%T@T=:9&9[]V4B!
4T1;1
M\#) FMD#HL8


M3B'14U5N.T$.+1UVO$LLMWN)$B% ,N]#*)J0X38UT!2/+AUU!FDEWKSF3$

J:?BU:;BXFKI
M

?2\K
*X1Y+N

MAEB!M'S2C#/63!$=MA%TD$V@*)5TSPZ+C;JNJ7?LVR3&WA_VBHOO#M R^'[P
M[M^CLEFYD?9?9$VW

48(Z''CLCW89WN1O8QA'+:))EE%HN*,N2'9DN1
M
5C#G5U)OJ-Y'.OD)3



MYI:/8)!LF74T@F

LT#W4E&-\FL30G^5-M=7)G\SBLBFV:9JLLN
29V_#=
MF;)OLSG99+8VB\.S:QN;I1K)L^




)FER[C-)J8MV=.3F3D@VL9C&C2.26@$LS@;/%!R@A(^=+#C-SG.


X*8N9O(9N


)RKJFY
MUMH6#(2$!D

M'DU4C@JUE-*BLM!I11C=?=L5'[PZ0QQQ28R.'(S7VF94V4@6QSNVF^I&TY
26 G*9=D%0@3),J)@?P;_NKC8 (/O[N6-L*&??KWWON:D*Q*R(V/0XUH\:
MB3%EX<8'HY#2IAF&BDDKR^YGPEMTY@93+H3B6'2OC&TQ:R(&54QDLH0+
MI6 )((9^WIN1ZSM1M?&$JLQ<;3#' 5XU8RO&L7JL\W\YC
4L9?+$2*PW(GS

M




M()MF\KMX!'4D#W)1[HYHE=(3;E1XK





S._K_VP)UZFP2])D

TF8U&AW*16Y)TJLQQ%
MXP
*X;@


MPJTJJ PJR0)K1L0PK%PCF ELN9=NW;Y[W,R]K'D]$HM3Y;:BD\B\+/MM2C

(Z;P&&;
[=^R


#!1TEU'


M9;IE3


$L
MSXS6@82);G0)M 2V[\G6\U
5\ LLD*F
X)71U=PGV_B&TDLP92FS@222F* E
M&C::E6*$31@N(
VR3.R9Q.6=[%6YIIK
TSC(

MC=_N 18&47A'T6*Z:C=DN#$=Q.(PF*;8:J690C+A7S'FG#K:H(:&;S]_G=
M]^;* M:H7!G\[M&$T36$\J
W?0T;!*62VRO<2[CNV V\ NYB+


\;IJ0CN!/03%G8B8XH3FQ4TL]BO(-K(B
MIB:2K6*4

&@7BXDT8:\%4^$7H\I#AY
;



'*Z'.
\\G:Y3Y9PE


I:81
MYVW?=TD^4W=DR
F


M@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4




GTS\%LS&?IW6!2%9+7TI
74-1)*Z*M)
MY)61U9-



M(\2J2$LLC5O;&

G-#%P#SVWY^:!.(!G*U2BHT
')$ND
M4=1LO+@86KM3O5RG]0G ??ON&LK2J1(/E@A%TY4&;S@#*W9)G=C;P_S6\

7$=AJ%8LBDXX


M?


MD-];DP^LB'^5Z!T2&^MR8?61#_*] Z)#?6Y

MB0WUN3#ZR(?Y7H'1(;ZW)A]9$/\ *] Z)#?6Y

M0.B0WUN3#ZR(?Y7H'1(;ZW)A]9$/\KT#HD-];DP^LB'^5Z!T2&^MR8?61#_*
M] Z)#?6Y

M_*] Z)#?6Y

2G;*[+:2Z3.%/
M!P#// TB+B@ &*$,.6&$#



M4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@




M2_0*!0*!0*!0:TMM?X]N$_Z4]M?]'\ET7I_9^IY:?Y1LMH@H% H% H% H% H
M% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H
M% H% H% H%!\HJIB&FGUE;4B.CI1





M^[3#2TE=N-F;


MH% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H.(7E]!:J*J.1T+


M&+A##H






H7#M:U@P\/(2ZPW$AXR3/B.7&LU]7]D(X





M


-U20M1Q,[UC-0;QE1?C+1VX519!5'
M$NJ3F3\R'B4+JYM+%F.
N.
SOV\Y+PY+5





UQ31TR ':]KYB6Y:#6
6D4JFIVNVI[+6)YDQ
#)8


M7


T2%0<TM

1









MW+Z[//M^F;T[3V

M;T[3V

3KW






MSP)1/GW+Z[//M^F;T[3V

M[//M^F;T[3V

M3V








M1/GW+Z[//M^F;T[3V

MM^F;T[3V









MW+Z[//M^F;T[3V

M;T[3V

M4$2XMF;T[3V5X)/W6^4U7-YYV_#YW-W62S:KK)D3Z
0LZ$A7XI6XRENEL(8/

M'
_G]OLJ9Q\
\
W6YQ=V-NNW9GE+%DB\N[KSH7 3=4M

MR6
M:*]9(&@QK@


#+^OU\

MA%9S-M 



M/6IE5\M&-V(WUSB\\7RX4EK-E(+6OR6%4%I:-DD\K;/+D#Q%,8YCY8A!

&2V-V
MP41

M








/'JV6<7DCCA3[JJF-[\F)F37CIY#I6
M]OG
@UW9A75\ OBOS;H]S5K7ORE;96OA0\
3DS-)<5P'*7=N3E^&&66/)R7M@)GRVO0QI_JORT^]

JF]SD:Z ]S=D 6

MV6
W
AK1\JVD0V8?GA





N&O

&23G'<IP%\<;7&

M3M==?&'I.QATC+E[D9RV4XA2T])Y4 S5\@\K*L=:EM91$*V[Z3P0^ZW #-QH





7
M X@\KX_NXC ;#\






EDQLI
DT3++


-D28Y!6LGO1MTV9VS9
W%SQDQYYL^39-1)0*!0





;Y97M:U[T% 9#XH

MXU?PRLQ7+%

M^8=O!;64XK!A\G+:UPUG S;R97
WSMSKC


MHANR@C&51
)* Z0?M:UK'4P8V 
(0-VMC:UC)7((:UK6M;/DM:@YB@X]524I

N3RXWH*(/S



M6M_LRF96?V6XY
MD$';!LOE#=;:4E A80;&^2B$Q\K=PQSN&7%-=R)C/STS\_E


F;JNJ\?!
R9V

?![F0(H1V!X
4





MI.$/BYY8V$&'.YCCCB\HPP@@N5\[DVV[[;YW*9Z


M^7G^[3+;:IS^7X^?W\FC\[E_GR\O+_.@ZKW$X_LXLR;V[6.2;8YFK7*#8P#;
M;7:
?1HA1(J(0J*CHR?WRKG7#DT@B4MN%:=JDX5,99R N:NE&$=(SSN72V



R(.


'#*VN\ ETYPN!K7
WN$4
M4YG?!\Z1CB!FOWQD!WTLR@YD
]F5&L80D)?%YA00V3=;LEXW.W;BXYXXX=*_




U9QGP[9+G'
XT+QQ 9<H(+CC8(J?CA6%+A@@YFQ[X7%S'BY2:?+?/*V
MW5.Z_P!'D81K$3;*LV*(\8\8M$C:UB36CYIH+

5W9^6<9\L[//8R%JRM&CW8).56F^VJO1HHE3Q
M\@_D];(M ZG)Q\VF&U

R
M5F9K\BD!;_NGAX:8H\JS.I$+^3.P!Y.:![N67((&:QS)XC&F;]7^V9^MTSM
MGZXCU3TOXKNP_.RV2XFR-KTV#WD4HLX?L




MJF;9-^.-V;.W=V*-*=N(VWIUCBK:2)P50@T)01SQJR&NX 8+K87T%946RZVP

/$@TEA!PY
=W[ 

MZ^0H($/1.$LS?

!!ABYX%33

M[/BH5Q#OA?$BX6;')D;//(/

MY
H7#N(.9


!GSZ:ELU;+(

MOC$'EO:^0N./PJ-\.KECSLF[GFS#T]\M!6_)&NAW$DDJPOD)F0]63
1)YOG7


^3FW'AQC.K3WSCS\.77RW=X@/$28&


*194CN9
MFOS[*R(D
=WPZPY91XU+I#A\'W=E\\?]7_OY.FG3H\-NK5



S']_-*-I=XLIS_H




_*?2Y\]




^SX_:JD_TMEFU

MYL_H% H% H% H% H.JMQ/O[


S7D
MY+((AIX
PTFN=O#ES*NG)I
PJ-E4PN6
KESRH X20)_W.*G;1^K=.GPV9QG%


MK9NR97A


M]\E6 _[AOWJ5(L)I)/]F;V+@/W6VBU=&!OW(1:75=DMTC-$3)QD;F9XWDN

#73EDEGMH
(^X) D


$WX9_JO3

MH!H8OSL^XF$I3*# WSS[EGGEASLN;RW



T11HCCJ
M+=;$%1Y;X!8!FIHDD@#G8404$T!W
6[\_/1G@DWYOG=.G;Y7-OEC/#'/BAI





$B'D%\' PN-K6^')0LKFK997S
_-Y2AQRSC
M:.9$#ROR<IQO8X7M:UP@N6]J


 FW4]-


M)_N_GY/C\E#P:_Z=7^V^S5WMIQSN';K!/.H['BQPZXS6UI;FYS.R=Y6B9=9;
MS38&).!NG6
9EDVM

0-!:.KFFNRL@H(8(XX
MIH3!$
1]#(C% !


8$

M1)PR]_WH:$_Z
;?;4@O7Q SM?DY


3RYQ[KM.$
MYN MRW\H8*J_9VBE'Y
?)B


S


M


M4N)Z+D


M*DU0'OGB'B$T





!VR!)E2:;-NJRYY9F.\:U0

MBGDU15V\.5[HK!FYW=)9\KG/I6,@Z*J*3,,F;(MB2TU&GF9$Q(+]7#+-
M-*K1P;LH
;7F/VV51&_9U)ZE@HQ6CZOQ:923AQ=S)N@\;D3(ZF(=GBF9M 9V




MP

$7
9'8ZG+2A&Z0T5)[EVZ%=













KB/\ @Z9O.]Z,
M DG6O7B8VN=94KP9$<C--0P$P--]YQXTW$F99!Y!7'!+*:49P*G \<KW+GB




HFIA OA\

@%PL?A8V\M

M[]JAQFYPVM;F*]&@(




30:28UD \FM=NIYT7]?K@'

SMS@\\\



IK--(IH(POI:

735
8=6'!$[IAO.]LPC@$N1

M6\KX=\8OS\_*W.F[YB\YM\]EOWG;=YMQ

]L1,,,N6U&66;Y9Y[$A484@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4
M@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@HO-7#FU7FAWC2J$SEF%9YSL)D!L3K:Z5
MF)LQ'$SMGD




M28




M H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H(YE:.HFE-C+30FUD


0/+X5#=N:&9+6])-
U&Y;33B

R26HEKG

MVHG?1^GH\

\


M-5FGP:=V_5)?E+=GF[&[0XA47



#MY:.5TWGIO\ [:;]\LFOQ-&YR7__
)A;D\OP]
M)Y*#M_Z+YB8VO_RMRWH8O3O/=[WXF2':U[^)#Q+K\EOBMI9(O+?_ (6Y1[6Y






N):6QMRVT
XE^=^7

M:187C5R#M62XK;;;F1V/C %OR2E.9YI;P3G4

62J?=;7
MO=;!4*IR2=_T_P!+3=.=7Q9MW6XF/+%SZ8=J_@G;O2EQ = H[GB:DDB3D\HY
M7C'+N7$A
#1D5\GF4?!+@/9+20

MBKQ

+F399;+LLWIRHPH% H% H% H% H%
M H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%!'4B3!$D0IONS+,HQU%Z/W/,7W6D1[-EE)O
HL=30H[$.
 7(L


MKN!+SFGF7(B=V$KOE=(+[[=;4EJ1D/PO


N?J:]


J9EB^..(14$$.W



=
[C&Q[VS'%,'#Q]0/F3:
MFKJZD:.*RRK'#JJK'3BB<-&A3+;;FW-O&I-HPH% H%!0;B+?(DUO2FB?=)[T
M7HWWR^\6:U[^0.#_ $01I]RT6B$ SWPWM'MI)&$EG8K7/)C?]VTB
XLX'R0


M3B)F@RHI 0R.40AA1[V3+!CBZ]5SFYS




BVY.6QI:P+87Y;V$O;DPK4_!_JG;


6OV^$ E\?(
IR5I1/2
MVW2^?Q7#&=T--26&E;FW_?&P7
RV&/[7(:P7[2AX;PNF\OBDSGI;+WGFR]G\

OCCG919[F17


A0A!
SOI_1FK3+FS
Z-Q7#NXW;BVEU48TER!JOL7*$\*ZP]2#J;&
MH.L$JJD2I@2.[5=

C7
MH\.K&9)LQ;9G;C-Q


MH% H%!0;B+?(DUO2FB?=)[T7HWWR^\6:U[^0.#_1!&GW+1:(2_0*!0*!0*!0
M:TMM?X]N$_Z4]M?]'\ET7I_9^IY:?Y1LMH@H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H

M$?
*0B%TI_

\;DUHD=+WQSMY




-[8IR/H-]1QKYK9M-)#?2+HLBNU :N*4 S&7+XX8B
MLSTMOJQP,P[5+F*@:Y;D
.1/*'/5HLU73

?

%OH=\_('E*F]$4-WN=K_%D9





KHQ;'*_ESPY+\EA





EQGN1!-QS+;+%@TA#47M]]N5'D6/9%46X]5)[GE)

M886%Q!

\/F)YZM+UC1_QE;B\KVJ#
MP^8GGJTO6-'_ !E

M\/F)YZM+UC1_QE







MP^8GGJTO6-'_ !E

M\/F)YZM+UC1_QE






M=O&'.HBJ(R4 LBRNDB*()447(
(T(FD\Q

D
M\
V3&]OKX=VN


3SU



3SU:7K&C_C*8O*]J'A\Q//5



M6EZQH_XRF+RO:AX?




3SU




M(




2(F


M2GMK_H_DNBM/[/U/+3_*-EM$% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H
M% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H(@G#_  6B

M!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*


MU/+3_*-EM$% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%


M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0



<1\1*;Y)0U%W')&UU4!('%49-1BQF 0QE,^$EIR@
MI$R6 YC @1.'

M[GON^B'G[


_V-=TOZ?*'@U

_V-=TOZ?*'@U

_V











M%5MJ/)O7

64W*OF
C!@4Z?5G
]7
L/5ZN=8/#Y9#'UYW/%PKSH7S^?-N=6

@

M% H(GD.%6#*#NAA\.]/.G'# 3_4Y
C8P54SA$!-=JO'KTC Z;/E2PF *L6S:



MS #OB^S9;


F('D=)$U4 


M2
)7=J;



M20K
P_(C':KD*)Z@M$L'$J/DDN+R2Y'2&J-5L)Q5RE7RMDPC)-^[=9BW;+CE
M^8VMU10T&=*%3@.!@

M;=8!*& 4M715&/EB*

TI







M@4@4@4@H1L8T$I6FV&59N3.[V5*C=DB/7JL WF5QMI@(
%I!\8N\VHY(
MJ+N)






82.]$YNA@HF9VY1N80T[&


YW
]4=WPU&#H

MT84@4@4@4%=RV@EN0\Q

CCCQFLIJLJ1$E?E9]



RHN'%PK$QJV;M.FSSOA^LMMG/RPX]@N.5A]



(-$!K-P%

M;K-I(R\6



MDPEFTM^K3 :BJ]$TVABX#HAI/=)Y)'79A'&#&2QBYX
1/%#P$*9 YX8WL


T=ZN-




M65KYYWR,?FE,%BH*&C-A#9;31FTW#94^WF\E-Q'3D-!/$1\C)(ZC)),F02
MS9



\0

P%A3!*X'5
'/ L6
MPR#.CCX98EP

MU4IF$G@YE5)8*XJ)XOFDI060!HR*%D$F)X=\;X$RU@S'%$8OC1
24U 38[

MP5)@B&S@X!0J&(-CD8

M



MA(#Z\(@]I;




[:H'



M(@]I;


M=M4#QA(#Z\(@]I;




M

4N*3U+9Y'=JF







M$DSDDK*HW;@XJB%B?4QCKS])+]\=$0[7['S7$NS
T%6L_EE




EY!
ME1/-&;CQ9D$8@PNCD1EX3OPZ['H(T2B0:5&GW1T&68[2[9PN
6=^W78D
MM3
M

]Y!QDTDA_'Y6Y(E!#@EN3BMTR01FBAI6*8KG7FWV



@YY +PA



UR+JC8T
R6R
*CGL1@L0RQ


.&<*$UVLE&EM=5C5\&;EG<$@F$C)G/ /#
7.P?



M):316&J$C...7Z61A9Q:[V



7+K9.S9LX;?/\ 
9W=
*##;7;1(D?.

M1J- 






/VETP\9'
%K_ $$ROY:*DG'5CIBUJ$XA'$DXN


MTNDUIL]0)1TORVB6=

54Z%]A6P
M03E@['9%7;SDC*/\WR]7)BCN(JFO@WP[<=L<=DO7?/G+=VRQ+#NEO:B59X3&
MA+K)--P+FJT
RL70$%Y1O(D+L9ZGYX=3=D

^.F?#7T%Y


M*P7P23(&0@3HL=)%

;1JA2F]D^#&4Z

M?HV0N2_#:PS2F110



M_/



=WDW^R' 62!%EQY3ZT[J
MPWNB6,*BQTEHRG
1@V3Q




M2']F98EI)G)2#AMH)1J'$=&3@4%!EK*05=U28OZ[0Q/!%LI1E(8Z4UCC:L/*




QC;$?--.#@YF
M2.0^...(V140*XF.-K9WRM:UJ#A!([C\8N9)C
5GE#A;O,V5$;)F7-$[J?

M:$#? 



LIFG %@J;:39-%GH%E9P%S*E#@+BH3

N 




F(=TD@EH 6;82@E0$DN
MFI)]-)EO=9
3!L(F%N
MXD\R(A0'DQ(V_9%1$Q-S+A_N 9IY'(*V.10O<,.;
0LQN-\D@#@JCML4=)9


MEE
.;:N,(9NWL\<EK9(=S PH]




 B=V%Y^&7=

M:Z)D7P;Z:;[_ $Y#Q!N1N'BCD#W]]))EL;$BIO\ O   8WPZ#FU9O(^DH
MZAHZT@CXEL!T1632DD#8$Q@3!3 5-. #$Q
2I@N7'+8Y@WL 
 *%;',+#+
M$/TR1$7,XFJ.:0EYJ


:A
8IF4$*C%&ZD%Q2PA H.0(B%Q 2


M0*#CU5(2ET@82EM
3UE+-XXX&TU5)%E$@:PQSQ$QP









MB1H

M\VV !T4F&WU='1SG=LL
M@&XNH=D]9;(Y0R/FH)AY /IQY)5;!*J:8*J((1G 
+B_7**(G2


89P3SXH.9HG@8P^ /B6%#L-C

MX08AP0N7QQ  S





M-'G](27_ *E@/]#Z!T://Z0DO_4L!_H?0.C1Y_2$E_ZE@/\ 0^@=&CS^D)+_



M=&CS^D)+_P!2P'^A] Z-'G](27_J6 _T/H'1H\_I2_]2P'^A] Z-'G](27_
M *E@/]#Z!T://Z0DO_4L!_H?0.C1Y_2$E_ZE@/\ 0^@=&CS^D)+_ -2P'^A]
M Z-'G](27_J6 _T/H'1H\_I2_\ 4L!_H?0.C1Y_2$E_ZE@/]#Z!T://Z0DO


M!T://Z0DO_4L!_H?0.C1Y_2$E_ZE@/\ 0^@=&CS^D)+_ -2P'^A] Z-'G](2


S
M^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:
M
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)
MO:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^N
MF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR
M^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.G
MR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0
M.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?V
MS0.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F
M?VS0.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^07UTQ-[
M1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^07UTQ
M-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^07U
MTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T^0
M7UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:!T
M^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^V:
M!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,S^
MV:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:,
MS^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O
M:,S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:
S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF
M)O:,S^V:!T^07UTQ-[1F?VS0.GR^NF)O:

 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTermAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis=sam_UnionNumber1199PensionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_EstimatedExpenseOfTerminationOfRetirementPensionPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfDefinedBenefitPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_NonunionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanFirstEligibleContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfDefinedBenefitPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_MinimumNumberOfEmployeeWorkingHoursRequiredToBeEligibleToParticipateInFourZeroOneKPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredCustomaryEmploymentTimeForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanCoveragePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PostretirementMedicalBenefitsQualifyingAge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredCustomaryEmploymentTimeForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanServicePeriodOfEmployeesToBeEligibleToParticipateInRetirementPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PostretirementMedicalBenefitsQualifyingAge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_UnionEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExerciseFactor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsDiscountForPostvestingRestrictions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_EarningsPerShareNoteLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConvertibleSharesExchangeRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_EarningsPerShareNoteLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_EarningsPerShareNoteLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOtherIncreasesDecreasesInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255



M?

7PYX



M&^%71W=




MIQT=A1[QJ/].A1][/JW'W';V]J



MT



J]E(A)*E8WT64J 

M+OSWB:^2V'G
O+NR[)Z\NZ=I)Q-VU][;!TMWNW)WW2A*

ET_[CN_<^8Y-_G%#50)AM)T#$92Z&6[

M6_6[H@M/\Y'GSB//_ZKL_W


M+[H^L'1BH+PR7G1R_D=1 2O?#










MBT(J2^JP\


X;]'<<P3Q9Y\


LXG62P.HXD63D9PP4%NUEM$\%U'+B_@MS^V 3B)&IN:R?
RLG;G$.\:<U]6+/2%Y?\UR@4U]P-XD$



777T0'LAQ_'[)!;43#UW9\)*XN+YI?FTSZT@;A/.Y



MW6\QI[AMP2]_S )DK==]SA/LMDT
NNX8G;)H\KI-W_AR8G.B6VJ5L?F@3VZ9
M
:J:FF?4^IF#?O/99QW



M^


AEW1'\^+WH.\NP
M64X

6\+]DI_G
]@.E:^1RC7/.8DE?-H.E;5-X'M!K-NN
M7BN .=O5:[DP9[MZU;&KUPMBW';UJDU7KQ?$LNWJ58NN7B^(8=M0:EDQ9TMZ
MEQ5SMNCMD=XT6_3VPA2Y^L'II8@1SQ/#V6R]?7-.K_6.O  &8W


P62=J..:!X$?]@!4LN8&/JODF:*M
MX48#GNES2Y


]9MTM!ZX?L;V-UQPCT2@/%J8US&
#-=
M-QVDU%=$5G:!8BUX'T%XRZ5E7TFI
N\/KXYOE0)-Q-6;K1 F@T@ZT0E 06









M7Z(P'/?9&;!5- 5B905IJA+'YE;GP(+JTP5J:6AJ!;IWOB9EO59GT+K1UT0Y
MN +T]4H]2ZQ,S.G+MMI9&K)=Q58[-3L-Z^-5?J6^$#7#MQTQ]HHCQFI&W;$
MV!*



35]P;D_



 *D(41





M#A^K6*R&8F&=%49G*YPGZ7?2)!+%D$]63_];%'FH=7T%SJ1(0PV0B&\$8(=1
M


MC\Q?:D\@C]H&2=\R.-:)%HSN:@@#+@K#Z8[3&'AW'!^YH$['_E+
Y9V\YE(W








M]EA9BAXKKT4U1_%%V&Q_;^T M;2;MNSE!?#LAX!-N!P!O-EL;[9VLEVJ7^:

MQ4.C_//96#2T)=NU\;$QS]=KH_C:@5#(DL:V;,HLKF35]GGG[]?AX3*D&=



M#A&K


9$H






MU
#\@+
639X9C\2'O2IMX&.!JSLTD0*N?GP#@&SB[512CZ7?GO!
M.OP3GDF_/?!



'X+1W

,A=,7P++!T<M[?[#!\^/AP$;@=V .X%[
M__F/UE[S@Z)K!=VG4-)D*&W/ J/V\L/(W&*[D@SN9SZFDFJ[;. 'H_?./_].
MH^0#:;'.5W[G7$4#%LHOB_1]@*\M',0P$@,6S$:C129CZ'C/ :6L:N?MM['
M8N/;U_.;LU/G^N;HYNS:


#;2P;P]E

MEHH[PX2DHER(XI?MUE9SM\RF]Y[#@5LUX+^+/NH[DWG\HRCOT\75EZ(H[?L)
M)^AP?/.=8




67/%A))+9F!\L#-:2_+KA
MW^.&HXS,!$IQR-_N+^S]Z',& NG_Y=WB5=03W(ZK%(/?KZ]=O19^?J[/+B

E
E3PZ
MN9'
3_]K[7N^^Q][Q
M=$_64HC.3Y%PDCYWNGX,K-89 20<'GK<J_#267DQ5C?)06&S^3LB2?P/@\#
MX7!3WV


KE.\H[VS
M7
:37.^C21FN#/5[-V/N;OH@0WW/X^%[^1]


M





M8[S#'IAY'AA B(


M^*E




M_XN



!^]KM SGKFZ4?-?GE



7

+SEO:6MPI_B:$^MX?/
M
PP^0TK% [&@9S3K&Y



:PF//T!OQ6Y;$/7'*5QS+NR8S[

MG0^O1N$=PJXBC/S?^C$%@$(6NCX+


M



[^\NSJ






JV



0SW0



M)XG0Z' ?W-Q

M?$7:W6E:.6CEX&O)P4


:U'=968297(W :1



/*/OSK,Q;3YEG1RNN$C.IDGG[V%^*NBB.G(N[
M$R_OC_$)ADG '_FA\XQ#SF8A)CF+7\GRS#OR:&::TSLX6AEIY6=5G9:V;EV
MLM
.;%PE9E(E.P\V/FHI20(0.TJ!](P+(O%&


Y\*FE=NT\AJ*
M4OLDJ[Q87\_S?3UV]N



MU1!WUCU@GV0UHT6'




ME/5EP$] ;85R4F7]9OAZ[%Z/TQ@^Q/%\=

M4HS_QD



M!II/$..K_21VX-JA\#E-)8;/7NJ[CYF.N#GG&0KZ?C1;ME'4?16@11*@R4
MMO8_Q  U HS0U2CSO7;)#RP#GRV*!B/T2'^UL[55X?TGH*7K'=K9U])-'*
LN<O= 6\0];E*Q


?
MRYU

C\?29\E=.(&#!XS

M8L

0'GE8XT;=^0F2I3C$^
M'0Y2=

MROQ
IX4E#+E++Y@ /S]X 0%NLC4P82PN=1C




E4@VZ^I
%'I\$






M'FOWH!97^E;SJERRH!-1^#%J(#@YQ3EL_HP00S(I4EB.YMR




' S)T-'Q4$?].@4Z340-V2S8I6K; Z3AY
RDR([3($+R7PD$M'K%8



5YSI\A_!B3O::M*(YKP


MDF#FS@B6.=6V%IY))*JBOJYM3U-;K\1P@PB$WP_16@C1RF6FE8%=X2GRIDT-
MS3['K+CI'!3(.'LJ?)0L4'Y#OFX5^T1C.AW(J-40=2M@;[E5/8R&J6Q6W\AY
M*H4/X!' 2?&1^+74F#*%;(#NDLS1DG8'#1.&6'$6#-F4,*S.&9YJBC
C%1



RL=XCE5[![\ZC(/:O'JI-J^''&7M830EET9F[
M0XIV'S&\Q2
\I-PR]41;F#@%SU%E!#096HH+QU6#.(#!''YI+)D[L#*HZ//
;<*@24DD_%4*YGCH@]+;)Z6@F6<08PH@*Q&

[Q!L

[(]8D5#/AJ9(5/A8DH/
MT7)/WQD]K

M3^EYU#P3XDLORM%.$0FX-G1:
[*('22HKFJ+OD


M4

GY_%XG VW1!FL5:N2DFA@!+\F^E

!

M:;RR;07GX.Z)_6\A9SR65Q%3SWY\MD(:M]]KD-IWF)Z+/T,98$Q_6U*T_V:
M6KB36=%%Z'QA(^G0.FBH*A?SS%(8@ZQ!\E!T_5);SBC*@.:CO/?J0_&8R7H
MWI1RI/#'0GS^E@D_2M%0E)/V(I##
H6Z$(PR4)#'Y[/CW.=R%=('K8.XRBCF
M\$

M/G\^438B\BC0\H#**::H\^GD'@JPS4%$14J8\BD\AO:E]C+')HZ*.!V@JQW



(6(_I#))IXD2


^2I99)[H$4AW^C'
M1AJ/YG3*L:&#Q9[#!\




MM1]XDJMRDGM1Y
6R]X+RF*O3CTHST3.YR0JGG5S:O ^OPQ?+(U3L,(9?N)
M*GK08A


MR/F




9U\L^57%AQ6W6V
M?/[@O3A7[G*'



V\R60YG,E,7=.CS,OLZ-
M,EU_KKJ$4,DWMB<(U$$-PJC;A_*T88R&&A
=_4BAW$6R2ALXP1/_77(AHN2
M?44@I@

[
M#


MB2(H$W(S

T
Y2EA\]@9@_
.3]*M
6
MO\E


M&F+K.90A6:5F(+'SF7*JS











FOM2C7B

M2?''*




\1L'QR1=91@A$?I@4'53


#('I

MOBWG2][=2

M6I7Q42AER!SA9J&(DJ+CHBW:;2ZD7428$X);DU4)1JUX.DO9:C4UWBM
=$

1J VG

T0\@%).DVT?RAC
MMV \1ZGH4?V8\#T







LEX1+9=R@

!J+-8E *'C\E9T/^/


MFSU%5_

M5$95/SU3SN*MNAT]PCB9(



/

.I;#Y8Y
L!(%)2%


M*IZ(;C''HD.G]$5*UQ$EBF)B+FYI

MJT??



7J56-;W%
MM(RWE.?![6C[ 7M6J\YJ-(T\H3@L7CL4/BHHI+.AJU
7U10PR9!:DM$82O/5



I&SP$1XP=!)P+RTEEKONK_

RDSED0D8B)FO^G3_CNT8
M

M9)PN&YB!R1'H:XSNXC'F0I6YQ+SDP[*VJWI46Z3R5:@O\Q#]U)2W+7
IY3WD
M


M10_[/I@5V



MNO&G[;WB=!ZL(



 Q0139JWA6C-$MEJ.5 WMA!NY)5?+(X
M4R

M


IK&*^A0IYK!

M\8?K(18G(WQ%3]HPQ2++V
A
3/KJ\H=TBRQW$=-_*

MA0%&P*GR+4]\E3G-899AE3]6QLU?((^

M
$QXI01LNI% :6PC*[W*&KEB0%*=QFHU(TK235*KU_Z32SWZ-A/*Z953B3
MOT:( NS^G6LL1-RRED-&7E7
9*R];%Y_1P1!#Z1(4D%[475$).+A*;I(1$GR


M$_9.C5F&7&3.(2QDSE^MPQ&_@ZJ$
;5T



4N\P#\ET!F
7Q:6$-K?^!&WL;5@WQ,/31WC2]T/0_AK4
ML%8JT.*\AE)!H)8(0_)@8!Y+%@J0)CPZ!YP4A2] 5F'

?J1L'F464PXG.
M!=D 9\OY/;I#3:BA$I%TIF9VU


#NB0#2=43::NNQI&0QPOJKK/4I*%:B I!^



XRA.#<7LV:+6(Y&WI3B^9[EPF:*X_10<Z3RI49+RV5U*KW96O!-WH\
MC&0]*S$?9(QY S)I/$B94; 6E($-UQ&*28^7P.H*?&09BZAY[2H,GV[=DZC
M(&JD+J*R(N66.%RRLHR?L



RTO
'%@6F!PY42D/@_R!7(U;#2 ]FE:?1
MQ90XL

MSV!/I'?5XW^G



63.;[


M9P*?5HVH#
N&?$

MW9[+'&BK7D&I%C((X1D1/S-8JUUNXV:E]K)UT($AXCOT3ZCGT@
^6H;2[JR
MGC%E_GX.@!]ADG&=&C












DTAEVT(EI8!%.)FU0[GZ6WIO/'E2)QEDG
M+=7;SBNW 20=K\.2? [8M/9:QKS$(F0 F)B@FDUC'VLOANUNL%_2N!?C)7(E
3AQ0(S



MKILO.;)[STUW) A@;'VI#\=[A2:$#6RHS@YOFR#]+.21:MIH_0V2K]0DI/*
M?-;/5DW.,?C )/N$]]LUY/?0XY8/?^0RF*P@18U7*UBHHNB3S/MZV5DP?
MEK4?LC! ]VX]-A-]
2&B-F9AZDD+DD2E:*YZ.74YK'B [A'9*:VE
M8IGJ?E$0?FU#@X5O0E3%ZVMFH;*/LB&_2@51;E$BTVA2] Q\J8EG&)I8528

?=G06[D#&J59

9Z?F2
2[5^ .#+ QL879+,AI*[<) 7=G/J&RW<6)Z(M&


MR*3;?&^DO*NX]I;SC7KA^TD\@7N.AQ(IJ*#':I?\H3%&NP6Y.;3#&2#%\V F


Y:2M



M@P





MEG
9)2JO=0QZAG&JSA250 +TXQ3UI;P.A4E[GZI;M%ZHK])E#\@ND812ZL(S
MH



9%G8I)^


=8=+F
M=+XVW8HJ06D]670WR5N78X;M@9SG9.A.N6+30)U
5_L:AF:KL0OWJ
N*80$:

MQ







KNI2YP9$




E@0FYA-Y7N+@M4VT7HX4Z9Z


M/OM8N/RA&!:YC#ZHY//*'



M@*L_9V8JWM'N_')G/1J4$PV@


./ DX;&0



\M[@-G?YAI_O8]'5BZP(E_FJSVTA!\^AA -MDB.O

M9'=&0N#L1N^V]=*;;$)S(W##

 

MV#-L!.Q4X
TZ
72E8(1
M50MFAT+])DWHE++FMG_V&C5DMZZH^+?3[DR'G
H-NE7#,&&'W+5RDJ24S\-YZ?'6!D52)TQKXGO1O.M:^IJS72VF/Z60).C
M@.#?=80SGG:7TF,][5;9,?G-=7 0<\:CUI94*[AN.'P7U'5.XJHA
\5)2!K


M3?%M-4X6ZL'BO$=ZC;4=_B')YAJ:[


-ZL]AYLU1!S1&+*Q3]K\


C:XAY_ACI&[/G3[_;V



M_[QJXE:(^J1K-KG/?AAD\QF/0N#E]5V(H&XKT@[?-P*FH/#ZN@]!+BUY9_@
M)$V6^7@&O2(2HQS;I;-GL;\1S;+IU_I[DB^!\


MX1JOW)6O.2[U)M'8]C]OB0RW  I1T\A3X)N^!K7\8V%7P'_@T1+2X**WH%/B


M+($](U)!_YWTRZ-=:UK




ML-1##;[@)6O8RE&?

@U8A(WPKWUDTR UQPR#I^]Y\#/;B)+61$;


;_0;$^^2/Q?R?72BKLQ/O6\T^3?.#I6@D\P=_X IC
M]2^0U?XX ^!R-'1.F%9);[0R-G^HX7@I.P_VR)78^(.EBOA1GH=ZJ$]:_E#/


^;N#47&U4#@IP=6FNLDEI2EH
[[UPP[ 2:2M2Z(/.4VFP '_T3--X<^_67L-DF7 :.</
A[:
M486D4.;T


FBC0]D/'CN;GK))ALDD)MH/I.PH


#4 -E.(20HG/VH [NJ(K
M4J-A


'I7.%BX-92!@+T
&;3Z
M



M3_:C %$O:&JL0NVIWRE&


MKE%/S%#2B3X5OQSL=?=W=_^W_^)Q=(];*


$(/H0L)53,3$$:/0T

M[IBD#'-\W?9L&Y?ZXV40Y!


MNKV3WR&T]EJUYQ-J_UCQ78*^%@&KCNV_=7)CJ&LB1L]VP)BK#CL=]?&O$9,
M8*89FFJ\'6;8&MHJ'.V39[C'@R;=2!K/)KHL!*5FX


M\I?:)L[($==#Y.K^7FLZ&+4U3&K14
!**_+L
NP2UMHF*$;:(Y1[U_8H BRV



.'O9*T9E+/QX2Q5D
M.UWJ[Y-GW(R
FV




X1O$'D14K%X3=6
M#

4E4+/PBRE
XXO2?]&K@0:C1K/


1[^U(V4P
M_?8@GR7(G3!:(DFG754:/*68GJ
NX[0N6F]+9;FFUC-AA=4QUMCF93'51&
S

QX/1C[W^S4[1593I#
J;!JC!D+N(I$]\#3A6
F5.<IB/&I)[Z*\BS)&2D4 V$$Y4K!GCXVZ6?K&][UO*#IKAZ?
@9



K4/02]@E9R


Z7Y)9
MPB_+SG




C


M

'H??43Y
FODYX



\L3S5K+ABC6VE%:OF
UP

(B+FP4P4RPDB%@7\A$;X]:J]







_)N;
ML7H&,8U<Z*L-@G @<P9Y93!BD3

T#4&^_
M
EOF*H9):3N&3;@ G/$NI4GE;B?




M#WW=-R)$%@U1!
(W$ C3)


MY':[/NPA?07IC
!Y61GR-0W'M!IG5 I)?!1GS*)$NSQC.HK44:MQ_Z PK6B9

M60&G(^P?D

/F]:K/GG

+#9T6.5
MJVE:6[5B91MSD8)5-X*-T*2W'RGK;


<ZBNX%<G$@A]+;=L]/ARF[2QIO?X94N-FV'G6ER8U;AV'8;7BW


M3\%


#)R$_#.D*#5O-35
(G\8T'IVOM!7P
.DAJ#J6D5JBXW


D[0* Q15\G

#=LZOU^?$MW#OCK1EF6/8
M*\WM$?
+Z1= Q:3/DM_P:/J'/C\^L5$[1-^8=ZE7SBY&;[QC[RXR-3D#-D,
MCY.%:\!]AR5 OLSS.
^D,9O!+B.RE7R5 L[_25LWN2_VW//I0*HCPL-9Z






MP)T^*.7*X(\+K2PK]A_PC

L'WUI<1
MO*#^]LYQD27A8$)E';1SM&(=JZZE5O;:GX$2G 7#?ZRL&(M&69GG%@12VI



MU+9)S
 \2B838-TUFI3=_$$W67_H7B\N^ W5J&D*U.@JAXWF@8+9SU!&FD9?

XJN:65F-$'9Z

MX DVL]9?]%VI

MF-OP_@R7G=*-8FW@GI67T6^0]%.:ML&E5HZ._IS
%Z].T9WLNK*B_FJ5[@85
MFC=XVQBT\K27/U(-)FT-36D(.*2$&QGCTVO%'4*UL95$1[;;QS^*^4C+3/S0
M:P+RF?\

M%)/[3Q
K\IU%J?3I:&UJ[I#GT65Z@55OMA+L5V8S4-9UR#9

:\=JA-

MKXZ%3Z\MV!)XA2T:9^YD$_PUE-H3Y;[)XOJ4AN7?@T+YWN\WS3*ZBEP01[U2


M(A8&&4$8P#_

CVX.$GVC[/9$(:0/&SS5C8C5)Z\
=D



L/
M&K^9(D4.UMLO^:U&8
67V--H#E0-.2P+EQGXA'1 7#=;UFA&HPJDSX0E9
WI




MX03J36&-7C***)

G\M\?2D+KQ&N$$Z!MG%IH36VL,D$HU,;3;#.X9!FJ#Q?0OOQRCI-.OHRC0
 ..GN
I'+Y!T[$11S[CZ(4'

X$OV_-MSM

AP SI&IS0-H

J4E'*\0K\
M
!91


FSZ94#D-'R6H4$Z]G)(FC\:*_IMZJ?MP

UU
M+Z.WX


;2.X.*LEJ.J3L@.13)!ER)=)A?6FJK 2S1I
M.K!6C7H+
I'H%240DD#%#
M=\3GZ^A.<%.0<[!!]]-2K)[^6BF<&:%TP^ J-#ET7XIJG)L;)9PL9]S\]
M2LI
2X Q;!R5:-
8PILD]P


HQ

MZYC'^ KG:+&JG$)A!;0R6P )K9/_-!L76(!A5$TF5@O(@!IIIV!55M04R7($


MJW%=7K R!

IE1)
M0Z']&KF3WE&1-[TO1W^F()Z ]I4AO
 C-YT8O'*+&_T(Y_6LQHLE1GR\Q4
MPZ ?9&XY /7MX=@JZQ_ACR6:'MH^8J:]E^:MO1(\O6^F4RX&6H(@^('EZ;
M86PT4/6%V5BHELE0$QK;QO=MXZX 

YT0(STS@$EPL








M#'!'W


GB$




MN1^]EN('=-

R-#208(1E%6:

C'P@29-=P V)#&T^6.T[M#[Y'(@^?:83YLW%'\VA-&!

_GL=O<!\_ZTH<%XEY_#!:7


;




MQHK$ @@AL%8#O'VF9GDU
\=]M-)/P%8\7D5?X7(DJ*A0@5)H0OYA^7OEU4[K

P%-'SSG+$E/$/TL7UKFJAEG
M\M.MV'Y%U=^N6H

_&HC#:_.
2R8_0
M69:

MK+B[FTRM+9XAUEC-M/Y97#150IOO=!=;ZL@R#'
A6B_P#[FFQL&9*KQQK^8
M[K&0_Q+6H[KYL39GKFJ0,U50.^MK@!FW*/)8&6UB33,+RY*84


NFDJ:9V76-/Q:N7;=K?).M#5(X.!*9





M!3003 7 *8MTC

MX#\/'#87Y\U#^



$S)7D6Q-BS5F


:
=X'8BH4

A\CQ3$ 7A*(UI^<*M
O5W
RZZ^BSX[V7(E[
M+J - IZ\%B1)LD<6]^U<[EIH\0D!D_=2INZU:!/C?G









M[K50ZHK:1$K4_[!0D*^?8#
'.R9(%27R/H2

K/2-M@


K




J00$
M4Y-Q&9B[1TT@XR*F E9RDQ90\0/F

MB+*T3L1!3?G2^D/
S2%M$!:^3@DVVLJ8%S9;Q/5V]J[4:B
-:98NV.1Z8UA+

N2G
M



M)WD

M3@KF2A%N@H
!+_2K=GR58NRI%

W38
H=NWHF


)Z!BX)L#TN5B;

MC0KI7EUX#T1ZO


H%CF9RUR

;4I\-J(08IQU1A(+7NB\H%P
DE?]++W ]V?-;'YZ<%P!D&R<'Z!@J+1*O$]?.
M]][KK$:7.UIL\?PW'O:RSZ/$OK$@EE.]!SQ:9W*F@[
@U!*]LB;
9*A(I-?4
MJ@ GA'WY_DQ7



M2#27T

7I!RGE0H:::3Y-%M2+Q40%C=-YM(/UI 9*


*[78^JU!#64^U3-;(=Y
M4UE:4

\(
$EMYJ5J/!NR4
&!K=+2

E9J%]]IU70Z'UR




UGZ7A/O



*R79WS%1)^%G]6*^M\D3N+J#](Y$26X-O0
M*HPY&X6CG./+F-U$*[T7D7&;AW.5^_6F9QM=^7__SU^II\D(F1_^]J+[(@*&
M] 7$./,S^SO+,OR='T174-R(MRR&OVS\B.)C]W_7W6:KPL@\?OMC(&3;%'I


TA)_@OD3[UTHGYXJ01&SS4;XZ!=HTX\_9Z@*^B





CW2K1/UVCUY8?HXT);-IF#SK1[D2[




HQ\$!J'7Q]UJ!_







1[P_7P^:6HHJ/\3&4@'([U/.D5
M0%MD#8!R^C9I!2%^8A;X_J%]SW 26W/]0O=Z\6!ON':AWZ=ZF#&D'Y7I9/WZ
(BU[WZUFC@D-^4ZZ2) K=/%!A*HH D
U'O




M35J-
^QB_URD





;+6)L4[2I^ QLO=\[IQTF7
HN=Y!.
%UC$M
M@:I[%K7]W<U6;#X5-7;1J9=E'GTJ?&KZAI=YZ&G^KY.M<<J##W!?&*DG@E%

M6JW3:-TE_]N+WL&+K9[6AU6'#^ZB#1_]^NOO1[]$']]^^OWCK]&'MQ^/W_[Z

6)&Z%.\-;Y\0]









M\



L@-X:0._M=O:$C5  O36 /NAV]D7E$$!O#:![_8--:L8A



MO6K-B53SQDUNQ^=X/UORT1#:WUMI)^&0&OSGEG/JNVM':EJ4X*[-+I++RION

MO+45I?OPJY:8MS^DUQ[N]PJ**U[_D5 !O*T

MX5S#YE0?#9^CM-*J9U6KB7YP&=5E@LWK]


*FB_CG(-[=WX]F6J@KO27U@5NJ<5%.
MX*?Z5LN2X-7OU*A<)N4E?:4'51W=?K<#Y$M)[!F93''.^?+^4@OB;ZF@NM7
'X3T(KK:JE
MOGF2:SFUK*LZP0:F
7\YS5'65-'A87RPWS-CJ&=)K4=ZKNR9H?]::P$ VZPB




E?#ZQ4=
M/B_J%M]7)WJ;Z/%9#\:5MYB62F67L) 8TP0ADN8:&T6N6N_0U-Z7_TSV!+:
M=C++%CR0;)*F

M!




MCK


WR:;VM:UJEI8W3#7D
M!P^[W]_FK D*:J_($C7X_B8W?YYWEF5*7WZ=Y0IO8\[7DV@-K[C3D05K6'





MI'K*1A9;4T-G8?U]F7/Q8$]

M !

;ZPG86+; 2AM9OQ;G_B=B



MUTZ*Y2A3CV=;?]
Q?(UQ+0C8AC$( @0!@@!!P.
@@#07_6^BWRQ4.


BTE4JH7^LLIK^(F_
*^<@I?B3Z4Q5F9
MS&% \/EQ

M5DAVD5Q6WG3/K USD4[J&;Q$]_M7D=G+ QB\%U#I#0=Q9/[YX=6+'UO
5IZ




MYDD^3I


YPR)M\5+8Z


!C3O'<2'A[N9D'S%J!9ZQK]W;B[NSFLLY)8L*7V_R^JJB!_):U4







2NODN

-[;WQRN









&#/TRHM<GWCTB3$ULD7
M(7D1P_S.:;&#_:YX60726P/IWE[</Q!&#('T5D&ZMRO%P+I[8'T8#_N]:5X






=KJ3S92W <I[G7V!

MB'L;1.(NV0#/VF/PO)(#1-;=NX5UV)5\5$'T-B%Z?[ Y#!.:$'T]196[T#*
M7P31VX3H_0UJ6&(%D1?[S




::OFT?%2

&\#

E8D



M8-9JAH!9PQ@?B0?@/XW&64J7+9QII(2'S#H7RQ4PPO'N8-/

E'YF.5'EWUYT7T1CE66\G/9WA@O^S@^B*_!^



M_X5+2N21L1
W3R;Z%+K4XU9Z\\X727X9^Y_7LZ2.DE)%BU)-]? G^IBI9_CU
G+2Z:4&D$R8TAZ


M'^

MU:Q89A




MC+-B=[Y4Z

M/0QSRKDT3+225
?%&Q%?IUFW+?V?3Y_?_51@_*O-J%=J';PZL]1*JUVP6O7G


O:\FC$#4%T$4PSY<!MK0T

M?9-^
$8=JH=[\ 

4F(\
M@;

M0NZCNA



E(
N&'B

M7@ F.%'^%]$3XWL12@2K=22$V0FE]O.[5/N@-45!'.2&I!H7/T-1$+ V+ 69
MR


MOD%H9KTO\]B;:8P6?0E5OHW8/\4H6'GJ&S1KU6/^7:1+- '#800_-;BU@A




MY'(-U46S2622@J-TCEKS0Y[M3&DUPX928MD+GZZU%30D4\#0#W;4@YT/
Z^7
M


M[^;^J%%Y &]E)6^%;OMT0F8&O8CX.IXZGL]VF^]\QG^;S4+'M_._M%6VDX_
MH'! G#C)Y&[H@P#,'H0DY^&Y49SJ;@D5),XR3UH=9O6].O;[%$
$!3:6(8O

4(T2I!AY
OU^TA&O;;_8&(A^
MFR0B]VA5PHM.ND/\:)@Y.J0'(7RHND]<$0






O
J4[)SRLWMFDR@D/IYKPL/]X&**1



L;VGY[\@8P!AP



M18?WI+);RX^0.3Y]ELGS 
FSFY!G44SYF
B3_00'0IWGE'DEZ;(W=/T'L2)E


FG:]VCZ8
MX1]
U(=%U$Q03%!
4$Q0Y26H/8G=AEWK'

$WC^#=;M-N-;H
X4S71T77M7JM4J\R69=-/+%FPIK)L9$Z
M(_A6$+S9L)UVDR&\;'S

M*
8YN0]!T(].)3S'LG?C=-2J-^U6LW

5DS62]C%? Z5;:3-6ETZ&9U#??



YD?51DC85P

ZIL/

[ %+?2#B/J_1*'?3[A_!%J&)\;G_L^5X4AV[L
M/0H.]3'2K2W3G9K=YLFR3-;'1=8UIU)K
%&735]A2M\XI7=Y6#*C]['1=-7N
M--L

'H?%TW7'+O#[6#*Q\5
ZILG]0;C

6V(% \N-(A%'MN4+[J[)N/5F6\KA
MDB4FZ:



)X)S3IA27Y


RD

U4?%56W



XM*Q\5



\X$?2P$77
0N
M&P
S









K/.^



@%N%:A# O'+] @]W9O8$A'5GA@?S5M(\V:*8RM@\V\DQIE4



M9[@E*/Q12

ML!)%*=LEI(J!Z T[,'NOPRB&(_A(0A GXO@.UDE8O9SZPEV_[WC=OMSH9T






^/&80$FVARA*B.@''
MZ
:IX!H'CX*\:X U V#/: B?2=PBC0#6-QVXO7@:(O^.@IXK#76XW' Z&!\H


M#P9-X;\OP(& 
4+16FYL+ @1H2#EP*P$:17P.N/7(#/P8N3V
7^OHU$#K[
C[(P5BKJ=98]#W7S@ARV'DK!&2QP\1





$E(;'2.<.M@8$1$58*@[#J:(C$@02IOI:X=%7C&(8CANK<8$


&LPCQ A)9-L9M !WP30/Y. ^(Q[X0J\@GT,41[+D$.(F^[#N
M*PD ;K]


MVKE=2_4M&7Y?I)F]JF$]+''.*ZI;97+K'Q9S7J.:$FK! A:D2))TU#[_LCS#

+T@/C^YH*F^A
M) 
YA T $@:Z+G#[%<3T5HSB9?+K3BPR6N/(:.DBHV5
MX!4H=O\ ? NG!.1&V(=J!



MZ5
0_I#X22)-7=J;CMQPE+F&**4XK:DO8





P
MR



: -/-BJ0HUJSD2L&4RU#WP]%1I) 1%@VFJ7M 30T%ZD.Q





G!+0
/)Z^'3O16R9()

M0

MYOQY9OD2SS64PM:1%RE


M).EXL?$T8SE+O



00V(Q3ZIXK -LL0*




-*=JC

J
M#PR.3&%/QB+

-\X



:




(H0+1XX[(K 
=G?I44C0:832*$/1&H
V0
M]CQ0ZC\6%R2VM^&KDC EE

M]


M?D^=UK+=I$R\B3))U.2EL_6?=-9/\@?M@;23&!2I4AECX3GNS5YAL+TJ5)



M^BOUCYCM0WBMD\6

%CFOBIJ+P@_)%)3:B/'-U


F#Y6TSZF_.$S#K

MI*.PA?(YO9G2\XJTE:QF5R2Z
VM:67$+T1T^D+F18?#BCH @I-ZV4*?T2$7S
M7XO69M:W6M;0M_*W,V6\@BOU*=O
C0M*2DHCEFF=QLO]C$YH'
P:ZM^


55IB?Z;250[HDCY$68 U
M5.


] SH\

WD0=J[C!VG0VE*?


M8#
3TV1I@2T]P0&I





MR);J3QFI1&E4O2F'E!.B%8 D7L5(.YIE$FQP#V^OS/NT^00BL6Q-DE2ZJR1=
MHP)!-N2 :R.L



[7&?WZ.MDRSIT))D.::QK0X&WJ7F@B*+?+?,2#X9]^A].]]GCRJH
M&KE:UFQUERVUR^:8+KN+(QAXHG F(8GXY'2\]Q/U*D%PS;SC=.-J(4.#Y@2


KJB!R'H8J7















M*T;6XAA9Z6)DQQWD

H]LFS4)Z
MYLK747V)[BT2]-\WZK
M8NJ-0DBN5V?0.PNU
D'.&]]/PTBIZP


XP9%:WCOS
H:6J^3'_267:_]
MBFBXI(48]1JP)N


M!7\^:RPO$EBAD7#OZE@SSDP[(+OL1


N#I#_FF%AE8J


5&XF%DZN;





M21.$*V.
2Y$QO1SEE^-
2FF@JVPTL+)G\M%0M V!-D@@/ZC&2TIH#@0FWJ.R


4/A%.
\VVE_88E1SB
MO(\H



3T
M*\ (8#E62\;B 2D=SUXIH7_X%.PBAH@

8\E(O
$ZY$]DMF :TESI-
\@




M1_KM88&?K2+695EKP'/)&TSU-
B_MZ*5X?..BYTZJV&XT_G?3$RG$4J[[M
M?V6F
235ZHKQL]2U8SN^OWEFG<:4+,USYQA?MF9QR\RZRZTUR!\KQZLMFRL8=
M=)J;]+_BK*\@I,Q(^.C)5?-_DER9Q*%E' HE\ 2ARAM3\\T//S^J!.G*1*.1
M)-)A,(DRS<+).(_(\]8742_T[J5?\:V&J<QVE5U<]7,R@Y(?L.N1_9ZZ2;D

M




^-BKMY@=

BZ4N:#G5B[0(I6XMZM&5;QK9!\Q.*_&G
49?^W+(
M:9\26R.C0Z

?7+U



ML6XQTU



M&M:QP(9^)7#-);R



MHFB:Z5!

M;*F4!'$?3L%NE4^4K:UJ51L33;!\CSHL6U.?BH)PQ)N&H7FULDN?\!L:6;(Z

M?SF_O3!WXC;!M#\F-!!JXWG-L);66;5F%_F(]P ZOPE*'?HHVR9V&K4
I-AJ


M2/2FJFU(TDP_EY@23G5#;J/+OM[EV_1ZV6A%!2USND/R3B70;O=G(.
HUREU
M2$SI8WFU6F[?'96
IY^F[2=IY!7.O!U^Q:T3^1IXJ.0/.0(;FSW$ 6^JZ:A
M3T-ZM$NU ;I!W5Q+$0F2&D#NA+S$

M+:5BW6+
W_AR\CKBV96CZ&V:6V'%F)1VC\@.*@HUX*1)*;
=P/=0R IV=!9
M)P6OE=E*W15+0!;F;K)S(MBXW0:J2DHYO3-M'4@C?BX?S&0
]



A5109)?W4UTTK#








EO=W(U#F  2QUZX9/T
MB]G*@0VFN&GPDN(N6]FA9PT0 
?=C' 
W

MV[UR3;YN[TJNQ%AY-V5+;#FUTG!6RO=.O9 FMU762&939GEYBLIV]R+8BD-
ME$M/AU6TYXTD$/E=9T8$9CA8E:DI1K83H'K/Z;VV_[#&791-=DXXU2DPZ(Y



M[R#[L&VCHLNB#3@#&@NF8


MVRJZ=$?^*E P



MA4GR



M52;=DY!DUCAZUN@P:S!K
&L4L4;[U%ECK40X0UT[
_(A:M6&;=7J.#RGV?ST
XN59
MY-W?W[]2_$%




M*X&?9


'/P5CBXZOQ9-3A8



WM^!_BK1?
M.7L/V3K:I'64\?LUG7HV+5&U^[4CLLZ8N\A\^
V^7%[KL-NMVFW&EWF1I:.



Q&A&\-7+?$\$7XD
MHI_9F#AAJ%RM4W:)L82U;:98IEC&6*;8DNIK[!N&1]:WH]6=]VEG(OBRC2[B


8*8^PV
!;'

M5QG+2^;+W?#EED


F1WG.K YM!5S**GH5#&9W7H.&ZVN76ORM!'V'C);KLR6

M7E6IR(HS$TO?P

)@SR(SYAL8

V6HWCXHQ.8-A]Q9&/!2AIIDU[O-1


MP#U_MWUV5



5:G(BA,X=NY*_JX _'RILI[MGY6RUX7

&=AU

M%B/6B1 69R&6WW4X$2%HL.



/^2?9/


4^2B8L1JR2+ZM4
MA
6IEB7U9/Z3;B;Z9R[L$!R !5KFO0BM8)#Q:D8;

W




M/M(3SB
Q$ 7_)FV\0[26V(_(%



8O-\+@KY;'(8HY_') WD JQS(
MVNG,UM$<2[B#/;_L2RGIJDKE2]DW6;'GE\F*T:K$JRH567&FYLY]NAFEE@=P
M<)?Q+?E%HPG;3CM=AQ'M6LW6X=?P
:.2^;-_?#F5H=SM)L\VY?%)K/FZJRY







MNL+JW?%\+_;P[OG/U6GHS]\55%;P@1W8@:W'GZ_*J]6\KIDSTENVND!;*+'
M9Q!0OO[MM[W
RIK
O\ZQ?K









M=



M=NQZ]Y5F6


MU:XUV.O'7K_]*GG?0C%QO;XEGB?C[#F]_7TZ55*I];5'50!IAG Y\-_!5A

38?)J[;3KUU:HC!GL$R
M*HUR!HH5N\_E#A:S'X#] O[ 9T[]QG802!=J(2=NU&\^3\ 0P1#!''#!&;
MU0&;=MLYSCR2M[H



2YC8C;)8M]O-X]05V7G(
M6'%06/$??^G4G-IGN8/9COO'R8;LIBOC)(%_!$'_R1N-V!W')O8AP.9B%4M3
M\VZJYV:W:R=G#G-N

XTQ@S%CPEZ=O5(1QP



M%F]UYNY@V1MP\RYI#M7!'.H'4\R+VKX]= IKW[ MMS(%
;$?&


E_
US


8'QH=C


U!A8[#@SO



[GDO1;MI5IWJ42
^A(X8+


M-M0@'V2YR8NM?
XWTSB*71]1H\2;LN)+74?1M-2'W+7K[:K=K+66.&-TYV_\


.%;[I7A_$Z*]J[?;(C

WIC
MU_C/K6NO <M;YT;==1]-O52A^BK/\ 


I0QE!T[E&W*''PSE!WX](0-L0X70&_+87\.NX%DY8ZLC8]8

















C(R
 QX!W#(!'/<,,=V2V49B


.SL

MQ7HYL)/%.HOUDNXMB_6C$^MO-MDO#L)DK]M.=W8:!
MVENTLVP]O^UBVLVQG

!;;

1D!/\[95IRTYUKCA?2N(QA&P.0CZQM#M:7?H5,F[2 %VZYM5%WKJZM\
M=Y\ UK9;C0[;IFR;E@





ME@T@ACV&O5)N'\





[6E@P






MD_WM[H#.RS_[ 

_

MU 

M6=*]99.:E2PVJ4NY?0Q[#'L



7/D]C[5Q'?##80)O_S




M;TR25QWX  

8W

1&.F1E+!EE.MOS2_KM%BBLT0OATAB





ME_


HC-\LYQ@].0)\[M9



Y2V@#W 'F#/2/(!]@![@+WZ\19@#[!G

MJ/^%P#8$%2&P(; -I2T$-@0VQ[$[IZ(W=6RYG/[?M0-O#\6=8.M)LG#:O=


WA6YJ!M!!X .8AMH0

5W$=/=E<N=4-!D/A1[9$
MF62@8N;7-SB
MN_CGR(W<6#R(\,7MA4)_BZZP;
O[R*#PO7*Y&\U&\W.*0+(4 7
P%NH E %
M#*4M+# 'F#/2/(!]@![@+WZ\19@#[!G*&WA^('C9P..'_AMX+?9$TF.(2\H
M#UCEVN]B. J[?0);*^A9LDFQ8K4K2S4HMM08&%0)[+M^=HGV2I?3K 




M@0J0ZFMO I\V

M(=A=3Z+5=2[Y]#%06:NY/]6Q(&2!FN2)]2#YS1AC810D(P2 $(!9Y(
* !4

E





MM^QT^%K#\D7

M[M%^NP]OL=5'(?NTRBVGSSQ&-S;(3UWJU6IEQ/[@
9$KHE=$M#:0N3&DH6


MBK)]?HZX.Y0,Y 72@&4 D-IUL(L ?8
Y)\@#U#80^V$&RA%9*%8;[ ?#$=


I2U@#[ 'V#.2?( ]
M0V$/.2\URGGY&H1$&3\)U3YRI%;=X
IW'K.X[3X5!4Q+ICE%+@WT S- &/H!

M+8*



01AE

M%B*_Q(3\DG+X]FL8#*ZKJL:5,;W(G0#Y]%^,[SS_CR9*NU6YDJAL +
BWW

B [-



MKK#LV/HLNC*XKMBK?4F[WVQ=3(P*HXL(XI
UHBWBDZ:!T:J)1@]].Q31W2B.

7K)L47;CVYL-@VN;EDJ]&Z
M/$=[24/0 ^TE]U'0U9TK(=/J)M.V;9GNO'?DZ6GC[ )!85BDAD@:&H(:@AJ
M&K#!/7:/
1-AU(^%8
MMN]8H8CBT.W&]*N:$&<QP+VXL4L_(A<?^F ](1/ZH-$8M98N;+=1-!+.YU%(
M#[@7H1LX:AG_/!.H=V7!.SF<_/L9N#V^&C.VV]?Y]9/
74;NJDA0 L= #J





M 'OUXRW 'F#/4-H]@![@#TCR0?8,Q3VD+2\E6O_[2\7[5;[D]K/JEU%/FRM
M\V$QU&  QY
UNQ-X-



MPO^0A/_\@RY-'&0PE]R'U(?4-P-:(?7K*/5?^VXLY
L)/GROH5V]:U %H IL
MWS_YT]8-_VN##/_E[/VYA/09GUH\Q&$8*Q'JP*P0C!N)Q1O$6YN&R#LHFV
M
0B)(D(AS$2

]0
MV(.'%\570'L

M!=4$5TXPE/ 3]*RKA]\+Q*P\!XL^@/#DY*AYV=G_+MX$?Y(Z*DN].*,Q'M
<A\&/OW8E74M=^%-




Y)\@#U#80\)'9O8VM(R*^ZU

M77\-2ZVAWN









O3RMF+(





_O;R[WKPJ#^RQ?K



C#_


M_*^P0^N+[Y 1O5AVYI+LL)LS74

MPC+;N1B-BBG'8-2Z
^HE&!6
6@-&[30/AU%A&)FI6TV@T/SOO3$H@06U
1B:
M


M
G7/UR9N+\FZG3B'%^(6XG;C\@+IR8A;K'+ME?/G*(IEUTKZFA4*@L^NZPG+

M
:3QAO-.3UN-R[
+2&-(8S


3YED'73)T*)




M
P/J((4AA0VE+:2P:5*X:B
OVJWV)[6?5;L*M#?I2 'M@?:&TA9H#[0'VN_6

M

WU\T$W'PA@

F.A$/:
M\8#]ZVJ





M4/^]]1/8_)ZBYK8[0K7/)F;
(0)N)*941





6J%!0(
X #:'!@$-8DT:





B

D #M3H3!F

MS@#. 
X S@#. 









&ZW[:)RV4-);



%R)*+U-$/0J!=M





!ZI_A:8+;TY@$[
/
MSAGY2 2M7$Q['P8O)):=Z_??6)O_:VD(LWC!FV?7C0NVA


X S
M@#. 



1V&W


M

M':FTW2F
_*+!T]GJA-N+1O


W7HB!EG\XE






)
M*00I= !L#BD$*00I9-+QK(4'&RGF)D( ]\89%B8%1[8GW=BN_R*B6/94C_IV
M*- LW82C7G==J/[A0A-T(43S5V6 )=/-(WOP


 =QW/77/H!



X S@#. 



:7H)/

MU^I#?]AC_6'AIA\K*0PKYD-%Q$?TM^EC5DX;G9
6VH'4F+0#L0  ?;&[DM
MD*R0K-

M]8^VKON%#(VVEM


I#\



)V6




X S@#. 
X RBP1\;43C.F!/T]





M;)R?89S?CLPZX23]8JF01V .@!U .K =M4!.0O^7*D#:YZ/T&IT3I'Q77



=!B!4A
M5H18D7B 4X%3@5.!4X%3@4Y#R


M//Z&GNO;?E?4S]LPQ:D+;\/



MOD@;:+


ME!
T&T&!.0K




@00!! $$ 00!- ^
M)F:@%PCJOU'_C2X(. 4X!3@%. 4X!6OM!;+KQ RT 3'1%KSUNZ%LH/&3(]1/



M#X/(Y?O]3'*&?N 1UKE/%;6K/@G%4-AQ]6=V'-O=_D#J!U6?!W3LW E/['KN
M

#J%N&$G@8]#7H:]#2C];06ZV;G2D^[E#K;VO6T=N.L


1R79(L$!1(L





M=6]NN!5W?J5CF#)W*'U/?UPZ5Y\PR@.@Q_B2&-C]B!'=(/0YO!A0ITTI%?^
M7-,]_3QG]K2DW:-O?G%\RMAC%'Y+




U#U$F.O/R7M+G4T$ 6?


F7




_



MZP41J2J/].K77M#]


JWXH
MQ;;FCF7I=S_YVX0I:I& =L\MU?'I2

MAY-BH'!]X;J#N2X/!24



A[P@I_Z-D

EQ?J+W5-.GD2[FU8WX11Z%;5V'XI5I
MLM








M

(-M+M968#EUR%]\T\II0*Z$1NSZ2LHV4#?HX_^6MW=



M5'J^6V_$!036


M/QV=T#N?O;Q:_Y]%/UW^C8M[YRMWF5RJLOSAHW.M4P&45XM+)2:D TS)&;@:
M#DD@I%_]H_5A9MR$#[;RI'UWHQ\W9(F0 DL_[8'2-1_@&*5S%39$14[DCEB\



M:&^-
N RS\W1


PB#EJ9$MH


M=ZC/ :I^A_EF1:_T#M_F.#5S'2/FW*&J]A

M8*:9-/AH\4NO$![X:KOA?W
$

M^GLFF;)5CGYE*I3-N?0MEXG_%W)IRS9=HTJ
-%9JK\1+441-;SVTW_F^13/7
M$1RUYKI E2V4ANVE811'.1I
R#E2$PH)EZ3

M^TG;.5^O'J[3LL7*[]\$CDSXEV=7';U


MJ'JG[CL+HIS946F]S.+Q9;+2;WT2DF1\OR

M_*(5?/YI*!-RTNTS2ECEWR(7;P[MUY4/-'WWAXP



N%E=HRH6

DS*K$.JM*=WD.6%V)5&XRP2%W#=AT
MNJ$5C6@'I:N]Z&2
7P-M&O I([;1J0&T^1:W%A2QK&[@+*10M@P(+Y*T+G2
M[7B6_ID.'$FLDQ6H\

5VCB OUTWPJ+_?E9#+/TMRIOT4L %
M'3-/56X=I1.?.VD.858WMCS[B<@LLS]M?]3C' 29MLV^_[ZPG6/K/CE I/BQ
MW)0K4C33N=Z23G1BF5*E5 J9!< ?,F^-O-@]DI5OZ23I;C@O4OS[=
M)=MU



M?3P^DE7A-LD;3W;SF62DU#D==Y@(;8TGJ=066FIG9X4Y.DV:FI*Y5'V
)6MF

ZU4J\AYGJE[ARB*KY!-B)4C3*RGX
MC4@5E323&699^IWWKJKH4E23P6DVA0\<X\@LR]B0Z:H=4Y_AZD+XN3Q&;G





ZY'[](GB;6O Z':$JI;NSF!;%*#D^T3
M9*8]5Q!EZ6])Z5/:G%L7V0F9=QZIVEH13LT@@$((A1 *8=V80KA.I607X4=
MB3X7TK@#+BP2XWU)H GNFR:8;OIM;L\7U@1_Y2KF
PR\P^BV@1TA:B&J(:H-E)*7(]<3]4<Z50\@O$]L&([80!Z&[)


+-'LAA9G'EUE:UWG%Y

MT$^Z+RV)WMF7/9F[MAS3P&V'LA=F&NC.S
?6%UYH-O0DH=;$BV6WH*05467W
M(4F&I!^:S

M&3('Q[%U*UNXE7:R7*6_2S7YK:0F2TA9#3X2SA%.UH5JO+]N2J1&N4?29![5

M^7#(XR2;N0U#'L0KIZ.H!A(O$H_SCW@E$&(JI2-WB4RJT52^RY13:3AIT,-
M)0'3EI;R7K(1H;!(*C)^171$U4J3LY5KRYL201*65M/(QLE7-PG+D79HFXZ


M&H.L?!/^

R=%4MAQWQ7BF1I/&H?O\S'-5L(Z$0'^!)E4A?[R?MY


:

7^'D\B_3[JZ&8$A!T

M!S#$LJ5J\D;RW:66G[:R3IOP)%IM+B-.-]!F!54V:E5JL)I)H:DECS+KX)E

7

=V94RL[7=&-1.
M!

.@5(.J'EG55&;_8E?KZC\)29[SON4^63X1G<;U/;



ZW%5MEI5SLI)
MH+ 4TI8FP4@/KH+
54BG7

\B'_




&6H:TP']GPI8/WJ-YX.E5N'^AI?';SZ631?O\^QWK60G0@]3P74

E\KK@U(HG6J5

@B[MVWCJ3F$=2XX_!)X)(@J



M(E5@H9UF #J\WM1[/(G4'
.SO?06[WJ 5!FE(YV.XKBTYC _ICU]'95)S$^3
M VB%Q

M





MTF5U$-]5^9340IY$_
K/E9TV@N'\G;2U4]VY*:NK?(:DD+*@B-,AFS\/V(
EPD4HFWWO#$Z*IHU4K<B;:KPB:&2T$BI



M1!P2LJL['Q

PZ.





X+(QCDFNE%5(\GDD4S]F


3NS-R-94\/;@ZW
MECP#LL2=S!N9/)CN.R

M! G'I84-) Z#4&?I1BJ1-

M
.

M[(X&[ Y



MV15IA/(J]=5?^23[U'*O%8!O)Q]P5@+\/


RFP-<<(LWW2PSN2)Y^EIALDV-QMC;+H%Z29B/V@KB.4_BUA.)U6-M]$


M9

XYCOGU
M%EJ']8DRUXP%W*6)#:%OQ

QO
MV.DN\^A$,Z1M)N*HWN4;9KY!1.DR3]-FS,Z0BA')*DF)WD34/=,&0BZKN]

MN4X7OAQM
1H
P[*)\@X3\+LU+6

MS3FBTT*Y33(U9K87
M-.Z7R_MX *O6.Y7I$XG4'9FSG+)LOQE;(]W#[!6^ZZ5.8IT:M@^'?)Y]62N%

L&D&#&2I.G


_H2-U]UFESJU\D^#I/AGXV\UT^FX643W.=T E:U VCD


\Y9?G)EOML9#R3^XXTMF:9HI?Z3PXYO3'


:$Q@*C&PMU7'6 Y.,)%,KPULLN#=BV/=1^)1D]_RC!





MMS9UZG)V =FJJ]^@

ML3YY1B)/]N54M;!E_M!3*#V(_+KR^=%HR!$+ZS4(?]!7NZ)1%:5[SZ^L*.ES

M& OC%GW229*D4Y1E=W7*$2
@!Q&KJLATUD\Z'*%0E:-2-]@+RG])E)=\JB3C
MHIRC(GKTHVJ
B6S
-FHN:S!-9[G


M;UDB'IREU-[DZ'0GD\8(2]*6\#SN46

M1E)H



WU(IOU
M$IUM+(2V%5' ;OL/_W$EA^/I7L]/[Y:&Q&+MF?#2HS?B!';+LV/9GW(0.
++





MFX^3HO D?6.RY4VYTTG

--

M*Q$E/$EK5E[[0C)DU4IFKZ(XN[;Z\!=;AEM=V\^WL
XU^
D4G&B2FI ETZVH

MR2%'


WASTN,G9SYHW)3E::AWL43A(D].ES;=BL
)*LQ!)U

MPS5Q=


J$R+I


0UMNE.86
ML?

\5D&



6PUSQ8V
M9P9
9D)**?%


M*/5D1V[=.U@0#W\53^&(\V=H@\]V8.F='37;IEAZOPJ;$W2T^79QTOZ8WUW%




M3Y5;*]&R?+5=



:
NK+=_YW%F!WO=\C<25I63WY5FNV:VLI?#Y7^E*%.)[:

!861[=SU2








%9YXWDRIE0C*%?E34)




M-EN TLO'?^(Z,7^RJ5:=5(7/[N^DI9U^%T]6O^F5G1VR8#H*U.%@#-4MG&

FLG69J;+LV*A6IK
M9V^F+T
4BV&RQ^I0#^28


8
MQ1 G-O*YYAH$P@TB[Y,\I('_.:T3V*P#MGUY_N$__M__Y]^5(?#$W!G^XP/7
MNPO/&W(O/?\Y_5UOE?Q=4T%=H0Q K2Q+.S8U!)6ANWZW[C07[B0_B'Z_(UJA
M9P\CNF'R4_I1@1O)E&32I+9[SM)WI<%%EOY+X#K)%YV2D7];RX[_).!D;P]

RL+[-R88\
#)&[5:!KDF#PT^4_47;BRD&W0*FB


Y22

-?WS^


!C$]($R,YPO8#O;F

E;[C8%:.
ME2O2N/9




MV/.+4--;1FXD0OUW/36!V+:\)L1$A8K1%6?;-O#-]S]%



MWLTT6]8S^I.WD?UHBT:S91^\-L/O?ME-'FR4B@S2'?BBE!].0KK!'GALN
U=







G9=%




M'J=4&CI:E9T/5Q?








MI\S1(@U=(_4&VZMT@DDG
MFT_*FSHL!IX@@D_T9<65\*ZQ327#V6& ONT5)AQXUCH@7;<%VJSS\&<P0:_





9-=S8;+. ^P1
 8%M@S/L?F-
%;3X^1C E[B



MV
&50*6'(P)6BZ[6/
R/.$ECD18=AK5$P

MF?(



Y.WS7]J_'/?& A'-
M8B0


M7#(G;&U3H:(W





M+!D^RNGP_O@[N/RY#
VW*&Y&^&HZ\';C7R#' DEK7LPB ADF4Q\QF$1@%$^
MF'!4WS1]!FLS@\ Q\@1OC )P&*

IIOY3I)AY2R42P?.1

M1OD1]FPV!3L)
PJ?N$

:-_!@
<)S!W%RL++;-EMO.L/PMT+VVR:_^^%B
M08;#M&&


3'Y\Q6]_E*^^=RRC

M
X7MQ+#?)%%&

D]-E5X9Y+FGN:ML X ?Q^VV?^$7D\$2FPJ



MLSV6*$(1[LYCQ@V.I$*B?_^3@3&C856#:P

Q'OB%OXD;C-8LN1&)<CRDV:WP'^X'K*/W/7/)@?=<7GT-*CY__PFH9





M $3@7_1-O049AEF]9=B7':86!8)  G2&*#_
!YP:FTZERS7J*P[I('G5A.'K

N?<U02O-2*SUVD+R!^!6HF)\+[[<] %\H$80SLKD.-:74[HN4X8G
MK;DEPT9IO!KN7

(L2P8'+O^6
M$LC_#EUG_ [A-)$UK+F+:^D\$3ZP^GT7
BQS36G@+
]!63B!_UJ$'P$18B&\


MEJB-P[U@880:)*K%(HZ-JS 53%C=;NW(ST0\)[!)-!DVJ;.YRL/(PUC&+-
M$1R:E
OJ;R#)/S');Z[H;[' I9$69=S4I



(W?85;N4O-
M^


V7!
^-%81

=]H3:BD






M^]J]+FC4R+@JV+0&DQWU6

M2.EUXI=(G@14 4@'4F7S0*





L:TKFDI1
M+4IF0DJF

M9VWCP'H*A1)IV

M';M.AWF5VWFF]/+JRLK[N?G
K3F%UF


KI#W9T#LL&




M3=

M-&]R]G-#RR06!R!6%PNQ6)RTF)QB)VX?8Q:T99[\3_]JU$G2HC5EK@52XU
M4=HB-SE



_-OI5^8Q


AT=.JQ_P]/KJ:'!$];!(
M

!]

M5
5:)J

W568

M3

M2G*&$Y^1
YR

MR+O(Q&G$:0?@M


M7[)%IDGN?BN8^YO@[0^
'(J&5*5
MI7(3=M(

M
H@.C'






K
:

M

YTARD.:H
Q1JHO9:7V2@;FM;E
MD


MM.X1*XSO+$ 9/'^Q--Y.\OV_ W.!_K.2.@#Q6TP[8
8U@'M\U#=F

MD]Y@T.L=7Z
?T:8K=:E3NSHH6?OY**UJZ/



M0!?2#Z0?CE(_E!L%=S&\5 ?#_@GJARS0
;












4AC'*O&*-D7
[E4QY/CK!M=%(+6
MYH/I-=R4:]MX:S ]!VE&4YP;[%CLCWWF%7)QF?36:MMXR51(%'(M G3PTF
M&X=;NL4TEP]ZAIOYTQ(:X8#7\Z'HOE.\+T2.GX

/-%'7P)DJOU9G

]&R& 8(5QB01(UA)-77[35J8F/E-Y
M!JWB*<B$*OZ<J)PZ.H5I
=;

M^R2KE*AO P\N\SR0^WO3YK3]J+_PP9M9'Q$W[\Y-7&W%)5+KG6PVEUF@/W^
M3XV+=
WF0??@4HT\H1:=
??NP
NI-_EY''N;UWVR-SGO]C\GKF!AR

!\C?

M

MN'DOTV']F+NVFZWM8WNZH IZF\KQE15Y;=Y[A^
X
T3=3C$75.R?Y.H*7(#'


T




<DX$AS7&PX@)\<WB+

9
.3%

UM2GB@L+2N1J*_CF2'R=H;AAY*ISSM+F <M)5&G.1<@=&Q8!N
MU
?R8_X47?XV=FV4*JG1,4'-I%_\7R['O=%9LX8@^GD_^6P:3:U]1X
M74K46C)*302IK99@(MSBV\(P9&Q]KB-W3?$@RIZU^FMOS2Y?^[VO3 C4&?




]#Y;A-




%2ZWCHJ9GR2:G
M4E.&[-&5-1
L(!FAJL.HY:UK=WFQD%KA#/^&OO!/CO#]9#E!R9R:/U#'P^/


0LIQ78R'3EI
M6NJD.6ZY(8_)$7I



^.?:XW]F2F
M^2X5.I$YFA


MARM'L_I-!R7DB3CT&4I6*



M#

6K



J@*X L+A Q!P:F$J1I'Y:
@5E1-21$9%\8%K\64
C(C?X
_8.




14C*H.-4

S\::^MYH#$-S
:+



U

0
M

9J)




\1R$0=
M]R\)PQ*&)6'-;V;6):3]$7F2$3;**)'@]D) A++MHQEZ9RR=@/R;L: EE.X
MA\S(4]8A33 CKY$-ZX6I8W4X&A-2):1*(IO+F#R J Y(3$E,6RBF1X/.0P2
MR[:


MCQ.=39RR.=J$LXEZDC


M'[%LRUB6HMIJMR$1U2OF?!'XS%!
[

:U@F


MA/9HS+R31I3$LFUD60J/;&PP$6L-3ZY.#
1N&1Q&S$;

M(&9##]&^N
R#*2D/FA4PQ9G*F$PK='[1L4H&8_77([1_JXSTVG!J4HM#=7BI



/8

V'
D.H_+2T*^+VDD#@


BF8;RHH=%
$/
XST'=U3/XC2CMS13M-T,X(7+P<[XU.(#5#
M(N\23LVI_WSN/SIR.1X9^^DIS#:8H;QC.IO?,U<L<Q]C(XF?)!K7UWRKR9P

N74ABZ[KBD17/E

M.







#$8
5NG2DB_W

?QVX3M+)I&A=(R8_:V
M%THC%B


WD-FO=3V8!^(0F5B46+2!




M9$IIRA(O%!K6P/ZPL2JHJ'R P;V9ZG]^#SDZQLK14MF;7^6]??Y+^Y?CWEB:






C.C4J

M*P.QM+4=_G HW]E0P02X?=2'.&3*K+9J&-%VA5;C@!H_BC2I:


M24N;/(HXW]2IY?&(ICX@)2+8\35+
9=^2D7CCLI#1 =O6
WK%HU+OH-
027)<)HD(S*.0.E(3I;:J2;:':9.TD;2UB9IVW=3SATK3UMR+B71

M-N(VXC;B-N(VXC;B-N(VXC;B-N*V!G.;\



UI_[SN?_HR/D]
O;34YAM


W#F'3+
M\?@SE


M=

#9%A(?[N:+^J!9 4M=
MX7M888


M5?PF$RYA[]$RP(





MN*7&Z[9'!4QR104DH7CV[.J

M)%P%JTGH#FH^X^S_ED9$THMII^N!EBNM):-Y7
B5EXJ:XP+]C7 M@
X@S7

M'E

M*2'.9JG) :E)4I.'5)
?G






M5=ML_FULOTT\P0S:9[1'IJGEM4XT&FD2%@+\\LR'^:5MSY9XAG*?A2HA9+



MW2\5+OC4]07Y&9L,'Q\QZ;,Q2XX+GM@=L:B!#)74#N@GV5?WC4%/+Y5\'F




MPW_]



MK*F8_0EY[$-++&F$7=L&-\\B']7BP[F\5'O=4RT70%J$M
B):I%RW3KC@7K1




MXH)+OO_CK LW
LN27+C\6\Z8_RV)(^[@


\U3-$7G
MG*E
01 LTW]63%L!9M:9XL\T']O%/(!R\M = !?_NMU%@=Q^.Q6\_D$^4
:;


L&R+A1-WER)N21&7A 1]K,\D;4'%S$%)^?#:&3,BQF@8[#5



I


 +U6








M1E*@?



6)GO


T?R.UV@_



 6WG+8 B20BI05N]PCHQ_ZRX<


XSEZ!I3/^48L# EG..'
P


I[L6(P0W@8












M4M5\YBE_H3:F!*91\FHW.LD.2Y(S2SX-




/9R&R2T:L
X\P33

MDSV4P[&0R7);8%RH%^

MDMST#3(WOOF8FD3&1KJ:JZ:1^VFH3\Y9U[;QR=$/;6M

MTEFEU3&Y).DDZ23IW$\ZJS5 AFJ_?TKV1[YSC!H[TE?3GN\PH\@NMHDXXZ?T

&(P8[%09C (6]HKIS5TRA!
=XI





]?4



M2J(..OW).M/U.J-QRFCEQU?\]K ('J])!P/5E)F+9M8OOJ.?O;E#-:
X4^4&
M;33;]W[_35M.!F0*33?3#C1N[IG&'V=WP
+?F


S?!L9W4
I9E9$?63QMUWXD'XTS:NSBO:(G%X'+
MHF$B'S]_6

TG22=))TMLM



:7)4BY


M1;

?W)
3^#]X.!=@)6/]GN!4
K
]8BC



M
12=.Q
H2X2T
OEV3QV*D&^W$M^NI\US^7572OHOKJ


M*D'B3.)


&]Q9KO

D-X\K2$

BTVPE**.SI@8_JP])()C?]^%+=
YM-31^7X]?R
MC4Y
6H__,2&(&)%R@.\4-6-PE
MD3P(B^F:-2VSOWXIPI'?8'3F%/9TT'8%@YDP/8]KJ)6@L<32
97'O .T*_(

Q\W__MQ[2!X



@


M/MH/

KV8P-ZP
M7AT





WSEUO
]Y&ZH%L8?(;'LIO^)G5DZDXZ*K#P5%Y#4_9

^.9DI 37!! 9:M
TVF?6H^-TZ[UO5@'EB:SXRHF-[:'VU?LW^8]U:M




 PVPPGN+79,=FBE
MLRK9$,W-92V5BC8Y9T@J3D4JQ#8)/S4@2QR6Z1;37#[H&6[J3TL(E4Q#/'&
MYV#.7%/?Y5*)S6IM/CL01J^?C'6*Y/FCE9


MT5;\V^UL

9/6RM39)7WG'=#:_9Z[XHC_A/'+)I[_V








M!9-3EX+#;+8M9
S*=M7

-[)G0EK]_-*C\UH?

61R1+)(L9CZCS5QS\C+9D;'-LGB@FC:G
M#%T^VCK0THN'].B!ZV+;6XY?\,!@X7@F<M<!DZ7:@V:HV5.I83&/;\R+[#P

P6S5%)
M

M:NS1T57WJSE#G$!8RV6X6A&N#FN-CLQ[3!ZKVG'4$D9%L9

)LA$.82
L57/

ME8JI%H#TND=7ARIC%1AR_30+LEC:PN-96)ZO^8'/?[7



92OE6H:3'H5I'K
Y2 DKE#QVXE;JWE6:*[-2]QW1

MN%9F_5YZ$;86B-RG;J^BN4Q9.%A9U-0LQ6;^ZGGPLOIK:]_--/^?3F 9'^?P
M'O_]=J*L
E7S5_/0VJCK0R32CM'+:AZD^OA^%RBXBG8E\:K0*K R\.@C
MCEV9 K!V0;D_*R:?!F=S%LZ%
[8+LU'


MG;D8J2@*BQ.&O=U8+ZK=
I56Z%XL
MU:E\8PN?ZSI%U+-'8O)2ZTCNK^R!V0&#B]P'[*'Q$L]B^]VKCU^_\=]Z5Z^

M([%+0=85'_?.WO@SE['??\


M:P
/MYGE(


9#
MNQ'#^02CN8D
IM@A6U;PWNN


M(&IRX\Q

MY5AKC'= 



KS

-H
M='_39\P(+




!#T83%1 5G#L5](@*B K.

M=']1HG&B\=.E\=@HR)WH_09S
MI+\OV
8=]M)ODCS5H[YT ICCAFHIV3C9TD

B


['G.-*H7)+[5F+@78N@'CI]@C/X;L;
1%NBPKUZ-1N3R

M'4Y.2Z&G&L&#1TD__^4;2\1
'B)=:-
Y?.ZL*$Q*_+@I8=+? Z0$[ANB:XP#
M._82X+OZ;FK 82

M3TA/2$](3TA/2$](3TA/2$](3TC?;J2GJJN&QA-X3P6*'A;:DKT@-D.D;;



U46
FJSI$[GMM
K6]0WO#JM#(]B<))^!XYL[NV:=7JY*RF8!PL#;O7
MN#3L75=T_/#W8/FBZ+;_8++FQ[]W6&O- ?RYTS81MA&V$;81MA&V$;81MA&

UCBNLOEZ9\#-SNLO635?Z\8 7
@L7C6SP;[G[2


2A4
M
?2_7]P#!MTQDW$R_]'K3GJ#P7 H@J)P(=-OO
1%-\LEL_3PTA^]K15UI\5+
M@4
-;STTQ8


P:[I:/R:H'!6(8R!OTEU$F! 7A$@5&H3O(A:DUH%X@1]ZP 20
MQP7W!N2R?LDS@T?I#$A


MMA


WYSGX'8VG0*VI6'V+BT30-D*F+Q6F;ERLN
M7D'*V(\6@$#1%--V@5! *+OHHP7%C:,X7.(R![@_7TD+MH-V5(QKH9.&1!

\?30%QIKNLO
MEJ+)A


MY88%WXB&%K 4W_1P.:#5&+




(M^E$0M:;#6-
M

:D&.^.O6=

M'PTL!2_8^Z7];

M55QU11^K[;M19ZWF.+AOP8FX[BI\$X$]



MJDJLH


M;8TD*CQ''J3T+?&@@::

M_36XVBX +-T-H8
3+Q&L'T.\@Z=FT @PKNQBMF\-QLT%RX7X%T\QFO9B@MG
M8LS@;?#D]3OU\9


M


M7$H$3HP. ]I&YZL90ETHI




MJ[ ?

\SV88
I



M*%]G.7=RL:W)HG=



MR!O6;O@'-M5\D1.]XL_B%^BRMX^T(X)X


ML&9U79$2S3)0PQ





2N
MWHBLY?Q6I./#KHYR5I+S??F88HCSR<R7.Q[-15M!X+NO=C=(+3EI?'
Z\ $
<FRNT;QS8*%L$UEG!].DG'6R'0_I)DNSTA(L-VU=1UKHA6R



MG8=$PT7/$.$^.$/;8IE/2 HPGNR/8A5SWB5X8R\4XEF57FA9*(:^91P$)#WG

7F#^L
J^!Q09











X-'1C26_$/@KO?OQY?

TOEK?.4G]P['=@E
-RIY[/--
MZ'_%ID.F)T.HPVXZ$U+JE&HC )8QE.6( !NK5]?I
02- 5BW]Z
; 9C MO$1






B9
F;QCVV)

MU)MG
_:+3F9
B\%7$0'1W(.KR4_=WH.[RCBY1&PC8

/CO#'%FC&4G
P?
M*J: -$N-:/S1[ZBC*-^C8S(P H+CHF52QYIIR[Z(_A)YLN7)\50\F +7.S:F
M%S
Y-


#?G
B:+7-
NH6M(O&ZG4WP[1




VV$+06G&0^!R_(KPZ.8
ZL1&[G5'8/B%R%
M?02


+@IR*
MC
OO914L3@ ]9S2 %&!4?L*9$G'II.,UGFH
M,;DK*)YA]?8A09.$C+%.8]*S-QL_W+Q[/2RE;^)W'8:V-F\
N'1J&R1+Y7Z
M'KW4-UU94:(

M?X/M5BBP$ =8W(E?N'JAF#?_Z&FONP*[ON2C*W4\/GS^6]6BAN/#;:AV\Y.R








NTIBR& T4B?]C'2D\FR[;@Y= UF=


P69=GPQV:;%WNT!FZ
M5A.SI_8G&8UO2 DE*B8J7E.Q6XJ
2QB9Q4B\LK$YZ TZ0Z)SHO/FT_EIZ/*$








1J*F)Q
M/1%^8%);S'B8FF#T\I7

.&#*32S690!#-*8%+I=+?K!-O<#5N\&K
M[)[X5$$EBO6(#1^! <R4SR]LZGO&$U.JR8V9,65.J.9%';.IG_N2B:/#(,1A
MSNS64FZ6CF$**3OH<BD+LA8)%4]2LU;*([ NS/LR/%<QK*F]0&).'JL\&D7+
MXDN1PS!61 EEKXSG<


V!RV-%\SW[';Q0]^9OE4EG


M4)7@QYMW%[]F&8G(-.?Y)$MEYG-



D_S-$CBK_J/7G?0&@][U
MCX%@=G #
$1OR\57V\I!&FJF[M74W

A _2\0%!^1F


M&/B=@
:&BL5
K:^HD)J$

M@3(&C[$ 5-]BYE3'KVL*8^[PJ&1B#1)&1Q5CRLF3;=JDY%*;VS]-
RJFS+
M)BGO#ODJ]=Y')


YL%QX@(KQ@86-


MEM3AVL26FP



M %8?.REHBJEY@ 1
6=@Z

M' P/?KK^(H#5DPT'9IB&M^(=

M+)CJ*I[=4;YBWT7=P#_B:)$^FBU;6-@.'[CDXQ+

H@0O 6;_1


9 922S=

C/0
'?X,HF I))Y


 %QY\=V+#EU)B!U?19AI&!NTV?OI -GQ+;IM$\-)JG0.E+TT?S
MG

MSBEZR2+!KB-5ZFQ
_&I.LBHUC\WF(OL)0(0QA8@S.\#9?X4H^X?F[1976_KQ
M6

G3M<==I=U<(IG&B;:+N%







$E%26MNM=/F%O

MV





);06@B&\ ;
412? /4A&'4Y



M6$MEA?=4AF5JRMQ!QO W$'S %[D( %KZ:'/U$*A RX4.AS



MF:9Y JRJ\/-L#UAQ? AF
(8
%12TP'T'-:*B$SWVW /VT7A0\Y@P'_Q)06#
M 4/YV-MUR&54^ET.0_$WVI;*FI/I!HAA\JFKS0%#H=F3.X%AD-&7, $&,3R
M: H/!-R1XQ(S]Y,@(ZOE$H2MKCH\








M[@TTO QHY;+-F(&T^]9KY([EX!7K]4

M*.R0(1[
$FB,9^OW[X4'-G8ZX_4<7]+'G51:=
N




QT[=B#6EBI(DU2Q/CF!NVJ-NI=V$5A6S05:]Z
MI(^=LCY&!-]@@B^KC17N9EI-*^N/KCO76VJS6L86R.W64-U-Y.&0ZA9'_$SG

M;73_FSFNII-[62=YG5A.K+1?.AE-:FUU-$1
M:V]6<SO!TA:T$0PVZ$D64PBVM R+5ONVY;[T%-AVK)ONH_OHOIS[THZT&]

;'@L U%\[





.S!J2PBHJ/M3N5NX?((]6HR4(?#T4DE
M1Q.Q4EG$3BW8ZPYHY!#LKN.R1]VQ.LY(5V@SK1ZX:].Y*CX\AV
=+75)QR$=


Q5-:KM#.%2JU?5*%PB'WJ#3
G-/O0N]Z&/R;XD];69
M/O2BIF9A'_I O;H:JX
K\J$3L1*QUN@\K]?H' _[ZNLN@1\[P^Y_F$G.?$
M+QOB/-]_F?G@ZEH=G=CL/R)0(M##.
\+]R[828^93-1![YS4&/*=GY9GL9FK



4

1X(G\NE(
MX62D26=H9





$PN\
5$?;NK'T6V_.G.^V
MZSG

QPQ'Y19;&9X[B?#G9JVZSMLSR
)!X.+]R@R=ASF)NX0L)GZC@-;X!@2









M'M 4_&+!X6G3*1BF'A*LSH#_+0P+.2T2K[;@WTBYP@\R^VSW=4ZW
_[E_H_K


BV9S#8





O&&.^8\&5-XA&





M825X= 2C.!N7.Y20@BW E


MAZ-(KUV=N=U.FOBJ]7];IYMG^X2Y2SC'7Y=[Q OF/
8D


@VP-
0FP$MZ.

MC-UCG

F





R)4CJYQ4'J3J&B&%B

XLAX4+$3C^]BNN--6=*MF-H_ZF 3'L290\9Q:(
M4M..75Y;[LNQ@'=WE[8;U'WC -TWMI?^I:OZ2I0 ]LN5 #9=E2Y%X2(D VO


MW

+_;?M_ 2D^2_;=]P Q/?V!Q8XQ^_M[^L:JZ\6



MT\ 5W

LO 4 @.%Q7@#3+PY@.1JJ1(WE@#([*




M:DT=$-




7[PZG)Z#P(RX[D8

.CE1

M+#/\_6&=L;KV#*235J.



MUG44+9V85)N'F#7-?M


PYVB8DZE![15MB

/=O




M\

M0!_2-5AD/)=A(+F+/&_&5+K0=5TGF*IL;;[Q/%)'DW0F/RG81-M$VSO1=H.

MY7PF%?.5]L2QFK6*5




V6ZN)Z;$
MJK%!1'R.#]


<')F'P[VG+I
MV_\*W.E_)(_K^BS?(#^6=Q\.[M?O^YV%O%MK.


P1.







MSW_Y!I _
I0B

NAEV%
JQ
M@U9R#U0R=$RJ38*-+6+A*:$CO 6B?=96[KMU@^5Y&-R2& %X_.J=$MB
 ]QE


M\A576(\+I#WD)NX




Q




ARJR(A3Z

M^ 'Q@\;R ^D#;R8_.%UN0&-(#J*H(2Y[*\5E4]_AF:&DJ1%G;@EGEIJ:0.&[

%%P




M$B5Y&ZVRXYW*(6'RC7G*5]YD$OMI*IS TD BF43WG=E]];
_N!L3C#*Y 3)
MCF&1IV[6&-:;RES@A5\%

M^9Y%U\UL T1+;7ISI1K:
07=-!.-S)8+CZ)DMPL^]*925PK A9^EU=V M+0+_(=G#:SX_R/9=S=)=


M!';]TW9WFS5G$DX!


UR
9T27B;

-P)4T)30E-4T+3HVMP

9







8O ^1,J2.2+K@KJOG#$//9E^ 82FA*:$IH2FA*9'5\?.UOE+/5H:
MPFH.VDY:S<8??2=.=S/60;EC_O/OT 6^0'?W'4'.Z'UG!W<_O23I_\RT3
M1




M[4M!SQ/@M=KMIOW'DJ1DDW3/5O)+0N7WS5G.A=?CE4%UZ@V(J];L3MUPV\



M6 
D/[%I%4'$IC/AC?G HCQUAZ*Q9M^H R2SW78S&13/J\+WN6/4) OO
F



M(X\Q/%C;-(/I5&!8V
2Y=IE.OY;LU%C9\SV\VGA@R



M



M2HEDTA]6D801?-4'$QA7P2ZG#)3.)1*HX[/X6=?*V_
)%GG[S#9-^YFS9\00




Y-ISF\


M



M!^^I


:W^?_
M^MNDW^N_$S \F=0EBF40

M1

 Z


MC ?$F(@Q$6
BD_=$3=[MF+FWN*3XKS
8#[.V3%6R9:?#K)-\-[:./ZYEG.X_

M/__E&][JJ^5ZCL]C




.#R./#MY\J))0#B:Q?'RQG-
!4





MNO:9^ /Q!^(/Y\X?/G^_(ZY0B2ODS^


M-[J(+:



%Q$(L@V12


=N7IL%N]

$
M1A
.@ 1&*^B$! 8)#!(8AQ





/07^@CGM4G4M.


M/


&[4K^J$] N*3O'5W9R)JA*S28U2/7P;9K4


M1YS)P.?\

M_G[1 _EZUI XT\UOSI69X$L*%XE6RD@KI^BLP9.;&S
%O9




M+G=

-Y\(?/W^^(*U3BA&SMOS,G9P

Z\WW-:


MGO8F





]YWU7ABRM+VX(V&9L;:O;I-LF(+3)G
:I!=


'&
M':B];GJ(!C$F8DS$F
CJ/0FK=SMB[BTZ*?[K#


9-TH=@5Q_

JI;X([

$_$P81Z]H]ZYO1#'.3$O$G9?_:(K:K1/L(=A#L.?0U3C!

M48

M;+5$N*M:+G/C!$2)'K




-P^ _''9T[Y
M AZX$%\,HIN_/-Q(/'A'I'SC]N&_O&E<LK9'E;.)&HA<D$R7/DBYIG='CS)
MQH$+1^-QMIC;KVS?'
P6KK\95C#@@T^N\P)




MTPT0




/XO'7\-5]
M


M$0 6H J9O?W5\3FR^+4UV_LI'TZ?

M^%;\[Y WI:LG5 7B;D\,!Y=$&U9

$ILCB
U(
M$9L%! 
Z'C[Q$!$R7?C2/-EHR.6&\]V&)0P86%J![N)=HM]U$$G



M=S


K?^N[EQS2VE=^^1\UR+K^6JJ9@QX*\S
OU=ZT$]EYM

)8JZ+6&PNS]JMT\7)A C\OH@P6ZX(2H2N6O)4D6@YN
M%BOTVT[CQ<;X+2JBS@#&W4ZK+9=8ZYYP&MOA[OC&Y4/L#M:*4KFE@^YB_Z[


@Q)H_
U]_D7\+?R']$WRY))%_DF7J4L[JRI9YZA%=/
M9W0M7_8(:
R[YJ!1^#=N8&:(.83C%2'HJ6?M67_;:5.AUAHMG D0)O3E=KJ)
M'CPJ7(($2V&F*=LL9:NOW'\8[IJWU







/U

G

^Z


M0QDO!.RK+

N[,$)H!C.T]+$'
M T9_*W:+=6%[(%Q[\UV^RR?75BE93RUTNGRK93PCRW^_1W8+O<DQGHBL7**

MOZQC;HCHVG9MCF;[[.
]!J ')GZJ


MH4BH0H=*49/2:#-\4$2!I!Q







KM

6X7
%$I%L%4F6VKX=9$\B

N@V
MBZ



\U=^O



M.;IT@BZ=.


D
2MDL2-.IU4

M5PY?)A#[4S3U1**IE.5272\






M98ML6PVN?2J[W).0DYA@

Y
MT8 *^M8
1(UAWO@.SY\--8GPF)A X#98O?%7II@1)CP=30P_
5]P0V;8_\L

R1Z\



M%B H/!%UP7B![N

+4?A;5
M)^F%BHJ++,W#9RF?OPY<C.*72*7:,:N*)$V8K::B@L^N/\P]EESBF%:V_4
MMX^G9I5K=W)F5CX<:H1+1.J;$
MJ;.1BXCP+[YC 'L*M =
@=X)J0;U^=?]

_Y;-/'%T+?7P
P$KAK33Y%;'-O2Q
 H/U&.)B%


A


M




M9V#SD&1[1+)$L@= LE]TUQC)+6_4DS1+]$KT6D%ZS2#:A)CM$LD2R5:19+-H





MINR5S)199-Q2T6/55KH=\E@=-Y\2



M[K*VI=4&'FWUE'J=






M%4!=U:@
Z=3//JH-I=.F'%;B3^+/0ORYRW*0CGKVL=E4.AKU6R;^)/XLQ)^[

MS$C
6(@9=UGBT6F=?6QTE7K]N)J@$W\2?VZ-/[=:UP'(M467PQ(S$C
68\8M
M%W


2



M1:=%A$6$181%A'4XTR+(L(BPB+.IQI$6$181T_86U4F$(E)]LI.1F85N#S
M 16=4)!CVT&.6TEJE2@[Z;9%V0G=4D(

M@-)310$*74U$#$L


MM5Y_%]:@I:K2MAUSA4#3,;2QQX\&_TM_BH5;#K+1#0*1S#93;?S:O4&YD^



M!-1:3K?8$ 0H.]R2N/!T_UO26K E@BYWMBO3^OG][XI6R\F&CG;%M%/
FBN:
^$ZL7;NUEFG/2OJS



MX18W:EH7GTY-M=;NY


R

MB^[PZ







'__M^J#6^Q((RIH1O@A*06^XQ*F(#8870

E4=V2$.!
2Q1L[8-RA.0S
QKB'*-WT1I%;[D4W;1_^


M*T$-AFOV)1&C(X&IXI3@7U\=X(Z;: [X+P]I N2-YUCF0(38I_+F*3XM!50E








M:3PZW@

MSX\*VLIX(]*8BVN14+*:@!/0







6X/S]T(&


P5?S=
M'@T6W3

1D9


8AW$;


3E-.K7T
M5R]. -;'8YBK\ 

-*184\4BW#MDW'\+534(#)\/$IJD
M

/IHR#(3T+3^YC3_3KB
M\(2[EJ! (# U2^=:I9(EH]6'$D#.3(H;F1
MUAAZ*E;*'$0)%:7$3:.C^G0B
MKUS_0T@K_@:


35*G=



+D:9&RDGJ-@$Q12U@O(3J19$2Z:Z$S3I_F
M_-2#%7-#JI8)LD
A@!=3KIS 0;V/MMO[Z+@CG2L)8274 3JZF0QNCD/O$\=N

9.6XR^I
I[Q@D8_4I.8C?OF\4D853




CQ6[;3!8+!
G DNZYL/PI[#-
MI].*'43HI#)T& ?LY]?0D?8J
Q]RH@.&&\]+L[C;+.+#YAQF

MM]G6*[X;&.BA6-J;:7GK(_DD]7RM0


K[O1FY99R!





W+:'-3%OD_8C
!:2[1!


\QN!T-FC!6I @=?#+K-N

4[&Y';QP


ML;@MMWT[;+-LF5O'9'!
D^HCK1N1:!:_ .L&\Z= .@LGJ\SZQMHJ5T\4D47$



S81[
MV7WYM[%CRX_OWKAKF*)27'[P$/A1:S YT
-89J7+K_^MNVBT2./G&ZX^M_8P


M_
07OV%#27;W9V#Z$_E)
G*)23;VP6N)C:KI$U[SI/#6ZNBD:V#=6*MUOOMV



M
\32PZ)N\&5U@Z?V6X?=?JNQO/U6]\#;;T6-MN*6OR-S[*6Z:CV[NNWI1GA[

M!N:X


M!LSL:
B$I_U1-?=0DX'8$(VA-P:A!P(@FX
%)PG.;PK.U4'@F;BSUPJ2Z\#H/$J$D0BLJ0ILD

2E


M%O.B?1+H]W5D&B.&-]B8'M;\F1[






DHDDD\D6D
M.F%O9_:;#3KW




M2K_@#6\T#38O,32/4]NP96HK@25(WI







M7F 8W/



M2ZNW6Q&X:(8%!9_%?!( 0CHD



M5(\CV/Y07+3D-A'8.



M4/^3J4/@LS\('0( #.P+U


^Z[[K]%
70RKBKH-%88+HVJ?8$Z!U
!B\S/EMC\UJQVL]UM=-N7
U ^RO^6CI=OP8K?\7@M?'?OB[F5L.1/.0Y*[-5UNX$V,
MG. QDQ;MT#/ZP-GC.C M.7\9&+$-.?2C7(N8;HI_*)*6-/
HI\TR)&^AEY.



MRGYN M?%)60@2^IJ\_1&22\351D?XX$- AIE.=K4JG5*&&*A#C!EZ!5KO9

?X(?PJ&@GP
];EF/52:H
MUI!M2)6
'T:3=Y1VLI^'?K#6G
]GQXGC?G



MXF8\1M*ULB7W2?I=;?DN@(=X8DU$FIEZC4J7

M9H4^#(=8VR7[UH-^O=5_F -V56/7@?MJ&G\H;!CX@0M*=V3R(;M[XT8@M+HL
MYG*%MG]T.0K1Z0U\Z92+QE8#(YDJHG84&'5?G0#DFHGU;[U3%)J(T\*OP(D
M6H[UWKUC
(_D)ZN8;'VMD!#XDV-.B&&HQV0$ 
AAA*= =3UG;!!!8AQPRH3
MK:'VZO5VN]&Z''3@SVY/U(DV)$069\#4QQ 2CGJ(-KC=WHEOX=%#]G]_?W




MLQ


M5
MOCNV\3-C=F\]!
M?H%I^&2,^(M.*NTH!R251BJM/)5V<_695!JIM/U38ZY*N]$M([DO_.S:?_1

M=Z3'2(_MGQISS3/
_H0=(OOL! 8DO49ZK32]=GOWB=0:J;7]$V-2K=WRH6F;
MI

M_1!GZ&.RO^XQ
Z$L8C/M TK&'#\2Z(=N2JZBL_1@?GWK=X^J0
B^ONSPQV
M;H1;]A;O#\YZ2B-RL.+/K?H$Z^O&']]=[




M
?UL]9=N


D=



5WC+./
MST+U@FUP [\%6O*PCT


M*I2SD7.FT;+5]MZ3#XZ1XM1\B@MEW/17;\QS+'


=?
M.O++\^/+FBCCY:6:;8OR-:IIMZUDFPT!]SNO&&H=@VDE(KAV9'6%8R7
-YG
M(SXU=)QO_ 9'?CH0$2HSC%4-P-[[$9MT25NOS^&M&1!5EO&#1D]D 65B-#NU
M?B*SJ[E-8T7;YNMTNRLQ9JJNU).;%8=2:9

MNXZS[EI^

M%@7DH?-J@?$C-[WG^WK)K%S*7R@:

5?:)-3.,/YRN9^5
M- UIFJ/6-%]TWQ_!R+<U]B5PQZ,)Z9H-=G39;I*V.:[SEMKFRC<P/8QRI*C



YZ

)O6D?]B??S_4$L#!!0    ( 'V#
M4UXI
U'B 
  
4=   1    9#@V

M_^&1XY8[J+7V6-BU43#1W0326C2TM_?;)'G189.9W
RT8O_ZFTFUJ]V%[D)-


OT63@K&BFEOT/I^\I


 :##-RN-W2[UP;:
MCR3HG;^B&G-22U#1*4GL/\+I$THT10?0=A&8SRG!:4*+U\0;37)&='
BW4
M]N##*V7GW'B)X'&I. 

?R#
MP!@+LB(H: E59CI7Y)HUU!K2!\MXT\XM.,.1R4*FA(&OBYJ@E!L6Z(@4LB


)*1



Z+UI;3=CC=.F*[LM :;2:=PQ=%%#U-*T]_MM[='-
MN*9Y#H_5B3[_EAS78$MGA7MM_DR70'-E0J6.DU+RM'XMTY _
)@N*6^3A?G(
MTPEQAJ101OTJ:V# T3[J^!+
6



O JO8Y7F1MIGS&P
MG1M0

M8;!X_(I@_1;\GBE$@BN\
M ])8XY&0F9!$
\%AM0=)8RHIC\P1+.B&*7TZ
M7&JB:6JP4Z'*X UGJ.M\Y5NF:4EE)*)-+MXDR0J=:K5:JKNUJEWT*B;6*+L$

M^ROU.%:CYKKOB0A?7Y;
LA\:[AF%=AH*F7Z-7)8^

MNI([(O=W?*6REMTH@F
Y5A&C$G0MWYQ];FPO$G8$Q8P3'C&2Y'/J;&IE_A]B


8M#S.7ELZW2]S_J]\$S

E-)G/XWWWR6*
B/!*E2+3=*:K1(/_6?(OYU?G
M.!].XQ8'J=DSHQDW#Q/]-U!+ P04     !]@U-0MZ(]37$'  S(   $0
M &0X-C W-#1D97@S
+N_0AC:@9<F;X?3-#
M*KU/TW]


M

W&*]]C7YM&_ISIMG
M6+L_;K(A7\B #8[91:Z7TK]M

QFS.%X)I
ML9!B*0*L*TV]QI

]$R*?=%-U%+S5/


9EPF BRY-


N7D=@02X0MCN%Z12


M$#J[GK$&^=S
61BII2FW3(N9-)GF6(G3H#

W YO.=RK$!Q6.K2JZ ZY&_^?$

BJG



B@$AZ7R

FHH
M#'HDH-#6A

MU
5(:*;<
\K'5@#;/<Y$PFZI@BLPQN1$IU)!)TUEJS74C#1ERE*Y@NW
MOB^W_!^06Z








&C_6.&_4$L#!!0    ( 'V#

@   1    9#@V

Q
BYH=&WM6FUOVS@2_F[
M_X'PHHL4L.
X;1:WCF/ B9W&6%\3I
:^X' ?*(FRB4BBEI3L^G[]/4-*?H^3

QP/:C3!JA7078DD$[K;Z0]_99_&?XP&
M%[6Y#+)I^Q_'9S*I

M&PI5DC6
_(]HMU;/(8]EM&B/92P
^RCF[%[%'#OU1L



J8==*QZQS??MQO/37


CR)-.Y
M8;CF8@1K*0.AT2(6@G#A-S'D&8J1K!DRM'M$3%\9PO22F#\(;+RVIL%8

;4.!T@=+5@*&Y#[R*U1M/0/*6UM8[;V
M1@P$DE:ND_7R 3PBH+I['[&N1S

JZ%C2/H+KU(
MD$Y




M=7NS31.SKT7P.=L2JB\


$9%






P^4#S_[$+=6;6B?#_7
M%)5KO=#NJK$R&89].CN'$ \+_9FCD\+21_LY0H +67^+N! ;)V9AKU#H=F7M

9UUS88
M] PFCV$QV



MCCC_7H_2



) *TX#B5
!1I1OBV!F




-*VK

C*<&/KEC(7@-
M&.1RPX+;&LPD52S$


MQ3*F66)BWN=!TF\YDS1%W

O





0+6\T:4:RK[KC?YLO5]^FXYVQ8J./N

U[7(NNV
GT!9=L76HNTZ(H$UW7%_J'=
M]D

MMSN_

M7
-*61O?R(['.VS:N5+8]D8-6!) P/F(_=5=M$^/FW5WAG+0,$@%)FFX3-


MIFE=922@72XVDF0HEU;]#[=I9O41L30HJI6
2B9H#S$D_-H0%.?RH*_SED-
M*6J? U$0L03']^1YUPRS3!3PD

*=




G8['^UL
M@A_8R3
H3K_8SVQC*^K3F@:F7@^&TS&


NH4]S#T3[\;,Q3OCN %DWRLOQG
M](Q-5/N;7ML!*'P117


M6E@JR3)*I+(&NLT0@'%7Z^;64BG0!.%(P5D =U3:PO5_TXBQ3/H4%V12W#%3

:$H@CS#
M'I



!MR(?_]?V
M=?/VHT^:[2&JIX?GRQ0;3:JO:BVT=1$CHN%#@M8/&+J1S'2R67MS.U2O7<
M(V;*2%O&15S
J4A

P^!J9]@C5A
8

MF^I;TD8T[I(F0HVE( 
C@R^7A H@47OK7J[L:V7[B@6[\8CL$/+9/H2
#L-T




 (
A@!
M4X;=@G[E2N+X,\XSI^@$:[1B)F:6(THR,9RXB'&8/HPQZNTP 4H7G.MI?=


/

 (/X
1L^G0N?W&!C:AELL6R?LJ29


M3X@#4 
9O XD&? $JB
X
+?E[N*(=/7ECMCD'!6 
LV8 VVCTL&L]8:#1SH_
L;S5=EGO@+:N;0GSMRBKHS!
HHO?U,'#NU?MX,DW
M#3Q&X4[W,P#))O3% K&_]02RR3QBC_V+Q=^8,RXEP%%Y!Q\*8\8IOD+&LWH
M7.
HOW[=)X/N;P#WN)23M%\27/QP;G]*Y)=N9WA]5:I6*O]=S'?;_NW0[_\=





M5NN)

MI]D  +\U 0 1    9S@V

5HV4Q+?24_MB5F

DKGK(

2@*_F$+X/@B%%L4



B4O3)!Q.NJ5B$B46+F

M]1YA@.$2HRP]'3)1H(EZF09#RQ+\S.CSQ&1T]2SQ[E$GB5$A!Z8EGR94
#QP


MI5G75:PZKO3%9B??R$2]0J%HE(OI?J_3+X*ILY@HZU;84LH.XU M.R
0KC:B


4E'2P.SQ U-3#$MRW-L'O
-&LPO&'XADZH#



0BLA
3R^!$DL($



R]
M$C)
K2RC(A?H9& -U?H0CD/<
M=.L5:[R)M:IZ'BXYU1JEEEB\R[8+!EIX7:JD*2C6JQ(UZTQ%U0ZK62UW$Q!
M@AHAY6Q!(0UNZ56*U4!B6BE_HS 'AG+\1Q1&S'$#N6HU2
;92AYAAR18&



 WB: ?FH6F-R
FP;$?*F]H@- C(,@-<JN.T
M8@6U2@OE:]EB$Y9I3BEI0<$=\YI4R*ANL\+TLF4=(@A*2@5L<XB/( U-C:8





E27ZKJA&\?<
M;A!S.F*#3/=98VSB324KYBT1 V;7@E\*)<B!F6K37@LF;S4SKD-F7
:(S-G

MPWPR+IGL(T/V':D5(EG88MI*!:-@.D9#Q4\YE AW6P[])4P1K'XJPVC2E]

MY(K^C

M;&M-CJPUBE*L#@]*.A)K*=989RHS LN]J
T(%)
0=0EQ@6;)\U,V#73/9H)
M)(SO$BL9/ADJVTEIE]-X


PI:L@974X+BTOF&8A9$

M!
)H\+&!]4^:4-Z6(3





@/:A&B!A&9U@9_

MVZUA@R/SZ4I R$FXKC#17A6F

M/


MQQ)8QQ0Q68HAN)G
8T$+



5D:ESB*M6





ZCENL5&0Y ;
J6ZR5S43*9J=1YFD Z?@;VRVHX7



MUFWJI:J08O


DH IDRYGF\YJ;-J!56$3LL

E4DT

?9MJ5TV7K
A/!)ODI4RV4=FN2K8P&/)3RDCT_3

MX#4HQZ


MS/3K0U=#.].TPF_A@\THDE4+)3H*6*)M4U:KA+#6
\6_6[;4LG;;3#1^N3

M:@\CP$7[5
_ ?7+0M



&6IVIU/(!P



M6B;9RQOI$:
J;1;QGIZ4


XSAF^FJ7B&2U68P7906[W-N9G)U3S9;S8;C#5KU=C*-:P:)X(R3
U:1T;++]B64J?)5B6))L@1(I$2K&E
MM0O]AMH1:H+^/M-G#2@%
TK0:&4==!'AI%9IFHP!1B:8.O5
Y)5)3F-5.


M\F8S!2:U=PVVRSYY5*J3E0!,HF (:S!D2#J9PK@T$M59K_'=^KZJT_UM
M5O\]791_2PA;8V9*6]
+45

_5M8E+V(@IK&]2:I6TB%753$#K0


MG;JL- =!KN3DO5I%UG@0*(QDT.%-/D



IP$LSU*L*1
MS];*OB:-_80U15^Z F.E1L/4N;A(86TC#.K#;KF$=(H


F)
ME4GQ'&C5K?M^Q (F-T%9F #Y6 1**&02@KD Q
 )(0*&!=*.E83352[CHT@;

C;%(B
M
;'JV1@MI.-2=#KD&L9XF
(5M%8^V\I4?1(N0;D4!W))/MMOQCZH=F 8XREH


2ZF5INXK


5-OICA4
C

MW7C

M6]-;.U:%?J*\VC7($3$IL
2!V\3I7
G0)S4?K2QKH.ML)Y
WM%Y_B&BEF%-
M=9@&[HU$(

M-#LLUGS%*JSTV$4$'TH-M%@TBY5T-(E2TQ(!6A3Z

BQ49\J$)\

MBB5**A9Z=T:=XF2CJQ$7X:]LA=?QSW@_P9-L/L )F2$)EL6*FLTVXUDV7:
M83'MU^)IN8_$$I-[)C

(&=[1F$$2%!:&P9$1/

MDLTA&$BR[%(87\E


M
HFI&2XQ+-6S@QY$5@8LB(
))MF(^NR@6J%@F




+%A
14




;Z:F&:C.N]1RK@4FEBO


M#9(J\';TRBP@]:[QC])@X:SR.*@W8DF_8@T 3(F-B_S($\26ULF6P7J;#$#4

XFN@R!U
M
)? $%IKF8O!CW473'A?J+'CKLLSKH!
[\3H\T@W:!0;6@XB
X'()RP19_EH


MYKS



/)UT6%9-PN5
M\F'%8-:PH@HB+CR%B.EW$NW:#G1::@CGI,8FFD.DK4XEQ^1?8 *S6JI5*A
MB78F]7:ZDO4H!M/3=H5*=J2F1[9ZQ$CS\JE87IX6=7V01JH^[(&=KPPCD3PT

M

M\ ;U5B&?@O 2;HRB]=8$KQZ74]81 FBG2&S2IZN52JIND^RY7B-
LV%?!)
M]XC8)!CJD68+E7C=H@&DQ]U& ^EW0RWFF839
8=ZI4F&67
:]=1!-JT1&0!7

MOA[%&(X

M*#:YA37?]$
(-WC-RG)&2^HU*N*(J3?J_M2PJVV-3C34=K5$M](%HM]5TUHI


<D# Z:4PENB

MZC&#8H8:9X]C&-A_#$#R^4A+QNH:G)W6#[EBWN^@G2)J(EZ^ZQ;+H5L(T%8J






GJ]=Z#AM:]T'LZ4/=ZSZY
M/:5=[4G\?^

(

=
M9[$HR;RGN:LDK'5V'6['$P92UUW/*P
8R=K0*P
6(^]EXFLRKE)DW8Y6K:ID



S

MZ
*UR&-S!8WOJNL2&[YDF[:BNVMQP!BZDL65 G?80-_!71_/^9&7YHK&YIF
MC!2]!_X-C\7[/2YIBTY8 /

M^)\U:7A1#$3A#V/2Z#OT_V=-
M^H ##I@L)5@U69N\^@H8F01
3P'69@Q-37*EA7-KFL0[TEQ)=SRPP
 ^/# #
M

KJ2XRP$DC^RS?\+;7


-
+F)G$


:YQZ;VZ2'RI:..5?G75E

_P-_E-69B%?'_=CUL
M/:8P@UO^C]O.KW^OV(


MDX\Z^:B3CSKYJ)./.OFHD_^K.MGJW?\L1M+%0^:-YGUF\3^7STK/FOUO'A
A
M_ZZ

MFV^QV9:;;C5[HTTV_A@@.'S;6;


Z^MG7??+1Q^;'\.)7VVU-W;]




]BEA
MZ06OVDOF__PAYI]/S-H:T&XT9^
YLSXSZ^4OS_YLK?Z= W:


$7_KMT
&_#S[\Z<47KMA&/NG^V[\5W/2S+^5NV_.^7;]YXF=?_<)1
^U-G\Q<W_^47
M8QZ_$+FRO^='XC\2_Y'X=\1?<![Q]._K!^RBG57Z

[M8_;
]S\BS\X^?5M



S=_O&PK-^OVS/W'/BK[XR

+3#^QV^9XT
?/=<KE2ZZZC
F5SUB.U^LLA)

_]LUE;UQ^X)XO%9;/OKGS9F6OLW;/W_B59/\G?XG#VVZ[

JKY=/(I3OLV#SW




M.6K!K1??#&L7B


MD_




M]4^W+Z_L_1/]^_3]A^^V[R'^;Q8L;]P(K]C\-I]^Y*;/K-CBY]OLNBM\PFZ_
MN/P+9USVQTLN#[;[W


MT\_#C_YYY!?


M!YIG:1\[

6=/EE8NOVEN]RS[VM;L7/^YYS+


MR








MZZ6GW.'\2

M])

/TN]_Y5K^_L@/CNY=[^S_^A7+OW2)AG]_#_CF7;[V7]O'



M?J6
6;_SQ]R$/2O?<=+BVYX<P;

_FU?Y:.O_J4VV.)UP?7[%LZ^[^^=MGV2^*Y1/^,
M!W9X3MEQW_/BW_D)OS.__+;RCOV=<9








M[WSC=/BJP](7YK;



M%Y_=!YDU:^'9OWWDTF._L=
KM]UOG'_(D847%J@*LN)K%U]\S!]?^LY!Q/;'
M_?;3XLO7GROL\\-+GWO5/Z&][*HKQ./FO+SKYW_14O=]^M$YY\Q^^K6]CUU(


4[LZYJ(E'WODJAM^^HAQ6G/G68\V

RX7%F6\LKU'+GORU]-17
M^NF3Y7.O??IWQF
MMZB;CK[@&N4;E1^?]/@S9V!W7_?;2Z^X?W#\Y^S12?BI2S[W_3\NV.\NHWRU

?[[7+

M)AXTN =W=Y@XP8([P77B&EPG[N[!W2VX!0L0SK?6?_;_[[/.&6.O+1?G8MV]

M.



M:/

@SZV)!J#XI

M3/1206IXQ9@

E]-[91#CN7WL]0-J-DE0;IC)2EKM1V)X*Y5IOB!K(F&CP](

ZM+

L0S$G_B9;H\9\&G)M


M

B6QZ(_/C


E:5K7

MNH.%3%'C XAI45TN:ERL&
?


MZ
#?D)'TE ?(R@P\BR%

M^A#D8F




K*




.:=AF8:W?N&T-&!J!
T

FISZ65







0M%]


MB3C2IN$0Q*K#NV)PHKQWJ][7
'XG5$38+RHJ. \H+FCK*F\'MBK6XG-JKU!'

MCPYQ(R.34&^UI(!PJY%JPQ!8@EO^\M4N:L^NW-/YN&!$:$Z
.^Z GS.8S^!'
M.I4


MQ

69RLU7\YUA5$#6



M)*;GT1(!
U-



A
SPAMP4DNU@0^)9+GP\?\S4RNFP!HT]8%T(0F&=

O

:\



_6[[1$MAJ0Z'#0ME%VM
M?@A163&JC\Y71!P



_'

N)?N/__$Y&1CX

Y=
3$
MFZ7H&S7

;'D?E;([J<D+0I!+GSJ[+*U'[GI<A
M84\/G4P44#%62.$9 2!8
'5?HAXHEY%GB=5;(Y@VQ=PU



6L4%$H@T

[3
#&<-9[KAW[M/ ;RC\-65




;N^G;6H36%'&0$P





('F_ W#T\086$6C*; H0QSF
M/?E!B-KF%!E[87R=P3H50I_@


8F

MF1DU;#D$L(#$U-9C'Z4-U6O67P8:A8)QCMTXD.*]#V[S6=H\=(4&G2D2X)




MI_B3YDR6XY

*4= &S5*\



\M

:)A!KGP^[+M@
DAESJ+P^B5EK +.S:LB^S#^G47
M.EP=4W&#6<4PWM5!0&-;=(?0G 7$B;3_22MX+JLS+LUH[VUD#= L7#3&^#3



VB1()*'35CX2L+O

5MJ.2\





I6-+ 'ESFXWC
49+07I6S+E


M.FNV$V/

,I-N@NX\S OJH\/T<ME2!*6[6E@QQNR&AZOF[2(,\
M(^=Y<3\HNQ)X/ Q8K*9XC 3^@94P2BJKOV8W$U5*1/M#AWSGF#$K\6=$(;1


WY







ZEWAW(4

K[TWSM
%!#17NNNM+O+EY=8AG^[

M4O?HC
!-%WRAWQ8K7%OUR S=!Q]
-')=H4)I!UV^$$C:02'8\=BVMAV4Y[QC
MKJ] DK7QG68BV&=9XR;IQ;2QG/3\#:!%D_R)*2J[OO-\U-Y1/3OE)7WUX4:U

M3LK-?&Y

P@@MOM'3


M)M8]UR]R^^WL^7[CSOC92*]5P:_QZ^_ZNFF1T
G
#&*
W'QHUQA+3%A$4\
!

MDM_AQ@BNB[6-@2A0@U!.W?F4N&BD)16S 7HM65%)_X%H?-QTEU7A[# 8M*F?



IT!N$_OD/PU9I'(L^-$\85ZOKA7E4M[;RKI

+,XP$;?\4#:]GV/JGS<<KS[6#[&F11R-RR]*$











MZ8*-:

M


81=N2Y-

GFB$[+)V.2M-8_99732?*<



M3;_3D6.M[6Z/YHC&1'BC7T'



 F[QI
P'(U

A^#8T'#WRO?DGL4G-F QE3/XG\]^A\LQVM_=[5CX6KCJ=VX/:US\8



T^K'
R
M-=IEB5.Q;T!:50WS21!QRHL












+!$4J**J 1<NZ9]H)[BU#ZE[L%:1:;
54

M^0J:MPX/%P8PO[:T?U*=^/LS

T%R@J
/F1.NGR0D]2R)+UDUUP\I






-XQR1UVJPI*

M'QI3I%N*#BS$R.] &D=%


1N;/K_N*+F\;F;*B'34QWHY?&;4AR8OMR$)IX


M?-



M+.JT]PT0&M9JMS91WS71I2;Y!N@XK
J003M6S9=H0?C6AI+MPT8U!3=%H
S)
M_2V5
-S

J.R
D9TM.E(HMQ9ZC^BO,-WX[:(Z#Z'5CQT Z=#<KCX0==


:K?-S7/61I7



MRORJE*M:6JGP0JTZ
9=I05?.Z2Y.A-3[+O&];WV%O@*M9E.C[3GV_7-;K.^=

O4](66@:RH

MAL







V^K:.=7JR<I2?!E:

MNAI







)0Q6MF$F.]@J\5


M.V)$)2:G+S7]!-@4)5#8K$O=BLWI%
9_J*+^TTKIJ\8CWMAREA)O/'UDM'T@
MCSYF[32*0OWDS;1PI$#



(2-

MP]#87/GQ%.AZ8.*FV]#!L]V*,&WN9\+)8Y 8']RG'CYR'[%P:[YTWG#L







%[D.!4UB?E@W





M(;7[*+4++$EL9:%5Y





E+89NMC]


M5K])

\%:X[=M]U';8AXCR#U[JWI!*J[^








MC0R+(X1#Q:(PG&^U4C(#B]H^W8M*'TJCQ;(/4FTN!@J(@7.ZT[NTKS^5E$6[
M&+Y=%IQ9%2([*..,OD^UT
W5CUWGY)I4?G@Q=1N'5
17Y52O;&H-!$5WCC

D
1*^2)XC[
.[0+5NJV&G&NC
MI7






%$8%*H\FM_)QM_

B^6;T!7N;$?5C2%[#G-Z+[6=B+O_&N!
M=7$'NQT$3'8K4279X]1V%@XL06HO!!D5/MC+#WD5MV8G#BTTDJ*/]O&YDR^P



M/?ZQA@%LDM7^OJ##Y-N87R[M]4GX')%[N/:H@07M;[KHP7ZI2#-=)/@*;%
M;%&\>W!.1/(3@ E;1\2UG

#X7T


5TN07$(SN!1'B&NM4VT.SVF]+2TM[29^I
M:1DR1O
6
MA2JBH[P/KC@^*$%/LX20BX\VJ*7M81]W:J=ML/OK]\%.]R/CNO







MQ2.N[BL+^YQ?/] -$&JNU83:Y=DZK:B+V;LG4
7F2;.6*2/$2LSY$D/?^AK:


M77''4'Y;S42.K+LB3UOB%1Q#;.G:N8FSM4!$%+?WL!\.26=X,0DJV7'ZY;L
M@=ANP-QZ*6='PPH
#\FX1?H$BJ?E+I5&[B@D8'UM2/
:F8!GEVZ)Y55-




U6[+&
ME[T5J!5*MJ6.$#/




L(-@'DJ5.
MR\R3

\
M1)!5EOJRWM# $RI@057!2192PX1)-SP^1E0R!-ZCPI$6@^A6



O83 F*^G?450C
X%\R_?=5O%5/4'$^H







M5:5V]4@?OZI]XPIDN/9+UXBQJJ!5#WA=VP6N1.71S]E3NL&68 U
%UX%:8MZ



M(SR\








 &K^\Q3H]8B&YV


MA4R.#7CTQPI1]
M#MR2/0E2QKU:RXZCFPQ_WULP-1SCY

S HO;)(GC%7QC[9./

H*0I)=



)CG*Y!9H(S_S8
_LI[/1QSE2@Z7ED/4E^X?5()'SV2< ^W6C7W74YV%!@^I-52L0
MG:=&FR\C)]).KT](4)SVQ.&6+F](8WL$/_D3W$#'MRD]WR/\49%(3$VJF&H


MR9;F2=#26)&+)2GM8'_5*/57DS2UMY?*[K\8!MVW-@FH.8YM)9+BNE3#&ZCA

UI9QM'6&E( 8R@\@\-LNVC4=-[SP__C\N$Z@^#*H$3#)Y)Q--;*-:




M]?U@R
WA1:'A1NSCU^K
A\
V'U@ZV@^$YYWMXYR4]Y=LC65SPCOC
5JQ-TMY
M*.E4T7X%T^T1@M$Y+X_;#I
59U0B[6+R1$R--.
*J)@V44UPDKI;TKG@C2-X


M&=7#6S['9_B1



!XDV!SHR

M$ U


%



')T);7LX


^9K0KL0





^3'3O%-0X=*AEZH$349C2@A+?'RBJ5*%-@A\]33:U]I;LW3)

6/<K6?K








M

F[^WQJ7;7A)@G1,(L' (4TW%?#RSJZC+/%SAV+L8


?P3+R(!YT#WA7[



M 1SX




$G


M^=HZEJ
%2K7*9_S-;WJ

*7(&D
F?CO/.#
 _%/YV@V#M?

MD)+R;(QTZ(MI






M_1T;-!*[=?M7

M+UQ@PGQRE7C'@UAGIJTIBF)/=FA6&8W#)3-*+.@+ZGB4A_ S91P)3(L1RZBH
M(2*@[

B(

K3UC;?2?J[\1[MWY[[G
2_!
ME8S
@$:NVC0&
+
\&=V $(

MN+56RY^

;C:PUET+N4D%:


MB



M:IA$V$!M=




TQ+:]Q-/ &O3F<<BMFGT6K.FU9NUG[+3
MRT5'SAWFLWMX_\V:UH;9/#*V?J2YD(=75[&ST'J\(&#O49;5\J-.;9E_K42M
M2R%
WI-RI\Q'0G)_U!*+V :XV
JDX])D'&(9:-A_N'!;Q(@G5R_/?)+_J#

WT


DV/C



MH'5L&F-CLU!U)X2SUQ&2O'WH4U4?FDEMC

MA60!GQ3
QEA9Q&0AY; NYCC\G!!49H@SQDBJXUF7/=8?IEZDY_7*!(ZG7U5@




XE

M*Z3




M




M_4 !

M?57M79G4I


O 5J

+-LR=80*MBYK/W15RG9K JP
M;NO1FHW)9R1]'M^UDJ14T1DK\
HW3

J2_AXK@OD6
OJLU0!]7B=S=6


M[._)D@$6S:!DLJGXGX






PP


M%696X6CDJ6M_FX^;KL'NYG.;

M.-




AC(NW[F(J79 U+5^2BCS2WR--@( UD)6*4
M)_LHTI@ J*G\9YKUG^*02P\^_#/!D;V=RC:]_JGLI(^;D=11SYKH/@$[JJV
MFKJ01V&9O@8K-O+]O36XQM/]M+ )=\H(]GWW3NM LZL?)J%'HUQ#^&.NT(

M^;3[GP$




:H%13%\QA4AV#


B





MI(D)A G XK$=63
PR=B^B.&PS@LZ/K$Q$9D1I&BIH&)DWDU=6=PA_4@I7G


#$OM)_9T+RLGT\#)09O(

M/J


M?(


#:6^U=-(&6=))=


T/RXH9(
M9U1QE%L?F+SIB'5P*%GXHG !XK+2T2*&9 *8'[!!:'A _K]LGAUE?I&*7M-_
'IUL-,).JG!%TK)]5Y) JD,(W;<S.V




69


%VZRA





87


J
MJ*!7N(I[YHFN-=I3WQXM'PN#A@:Y4*UED_@SDIK4U7G]8D5GQ;ONK=&5Y8&O
M9/.89\#
4ZSRH9U1\1VM<YC
MDUFKS50L 2%E(.NZ+,-XWV#^@64*0M='B40ED$\F6^E1%]L_'^(^-;:
E;8





<E16UE)D:[R\A8&?2C66X
MY/F:24E(+GN
6%8@'NO9U
M.0I8BI<A,+!V^)A9!][8V(=D^DXUU[<'@ZUL#37?R)ED1(\GT9QD9<T=;L&



1 ?N=]@1_NMRS:'


H!/NR



EKX-80VK=X)@W\.L*J14AK_B*BOH;C?
M


M?'GP(S$I(N!T&?T^*ZDR?U-9!)U+(T%+$&^S52.1X/!26DX1H%]=C1AP-*
MCH8YV9X)I0@A&$=_$* 122)341LC:OC-VZ/!.FRF8B^./R-2K
N5&0T]UY82



1S6]^(1Y231*


MG^AO@#!Q#@8^1J-0793'_C@?

MA4




5'/$:(Z%7[U'9;+ F9.7UH@A E


MHYQJCN7'^E1Z-#*+*#[@2;3]XB8PS! I)R4/GT-2^^WG5$TC;I_L&$?XP+VA

VW9?Z*3UYD/REN:\=;G]^SC6Z.S@(+*(@
A%WY09<Q1YF:XM2_*K23<Q]_M7]1 =KB-%:F4P]EV.I;GA$KDL(;520J!


MM&ZYII?-^JL0]F'^QY][:1EM5WJ)H*D\;G

MAL)IG'0^EF+D-/#:#Y)S6E;N%LM2O3-2JL'IYJ[O!5
5'&
P?=VQ2-]@$]DB

M*Z)&-![NOBZ





V?&WCOA5^]EE?$5W/I1M*)R

)]X+C57
M*PG$UN N1[U!1J7O



M:3V1EW:&VWSC9G:=&';)






$ AYL.O4#S5NU/)Y\.QP^Y

MVJ]
B9PV96=W
US30*XF4GG TDGIRLVAPQ^;JI!:8JU_7#;0J7WN+.;+O@?*

9S0
AI=.L:7WO4XDG1T:DMQ^OP)U/!*U9\


;GI.^


GS@+:8X0Q#M#'X^%F2
MYU!/=2&GGKDE70H7)UK3+J#+:O- %AP.12+XG1

M7!K0P59=.$'=JZKLHB$1X_.!_]L

E#B:%H$5)T-*X9:
1L


H$S#_YWV9@NX2/M!I-#[;
R^/N!@6.0'289+5Y

M8JFK(\-OSS?G %
=BE!F:UA9QK6_/[
(]?6PRG- )P CU1E]\%U1K_)D )N
MZI.
1V3NH+U7'N


3M4&5#$@J]I.+H&K <S];+\A
M H)P&8I/X.X._@JR U#J@1L@=J0X:F$7W,LBX;Q*SEO//H?57KU@R4DUY#?




PLSH\FUV&B]FE7=6<ULV)N_M1
M#7T.O1E=@(4AB
/UN'=R61&[_TW-SD*NGF?AN
4NQ..VIHMC]R&SE8JCQX]

M1


67+1EP+*1&%ZN(7FJ.Y2.F=3DBH6'/)J:(&2W1C
MJXUG4&KC&4BG4S0YJ(5;4C M8\T 86ZRSZ_@X*B.9EH7]D2ZC5 TI';.
)



48JWW+.M
2P
MO4D4]!I
8




M2_
OS?\=C17;K&MLS\SMWTCBR'C AFL]?U-*$F[#_N[(!.AC;U&[E8V+_(
MC@5O[
N:0R3ZY$%56EAB.KZ=S/V?)M6&S:__B\_@__)8_[]X=L4TK6I@MLSQ



](3D#-\*5O919&P?

=2
DY;8[
J2-5??/U\^I_P%02P
$%

MWZ\; $G


__^E?_^6/_S:9_$!#RDE

G3N7K\Z
M@G_7R='DVOZP!/UY.3HY

MF/ YC3^1)8U6Q*7O#S1^#RR*6?A *1?

WD5DV8R:*+Y1].GU*\;G4.3H^/!O'S]\%J*F= 
_
M_&6C]/

M_.90_IA+44'W;Q\T(9)H

5A


ML0^BU.A]LZP!A&^;@^!\LT'Q]V
&19]Q/L?
_67! @_

MX+QI/D'I1'_G2+)[@$P*KQE&;2H;H/NN'W3[L698W4FTN [84\F:4U[
 
_W
M+99^H.4(8F

.CDQ@;$YV2Y)'P-DY$_#_T9S AA?.:*;;0?SF^AX[H^54.B


M73VO8#M+(YBQIV!G\ OA78O/HBC;TC4J:=#XR;;&%3$GI2:F=T'/400=27%\

MVZ#';[?U*(N/36$_

M

ML\FIYZO)NOPG@]J_WU9[5MO!ZF+S*0B

++_]@4&9A*RGK.*+2
MV!1XP99+/Q8N#)@-+IC8J=$PWR56%3 HN+ UU&B(^6&#RM@T?DU\_A
)$OH1

C)AB
$A[KKNXHW1P9?C7HN[ M500<04%W@8].T9^3AXC^FD!C

M:+BP&\TH.(J$\TU&9'31_68QRBYQS9KXYDF/^*;S3?K7'J]2W=^3AZ =6JI&


MN84]KJPT6BU6!+=UU=87
^B[L

M:7';30-H^[-![Y5!W=%JM2)XJVNYOIA!Z^TBO:.&H2[HN(U'P_+EP'Q;V!$W

_UHP*2PW2Z+:8Y6T[51RRV[

!UF#!V-H_.-
MY#DZL*^BV%_BVO EHK





M8Q&_;YB

[?[Z(IS/85.NKT\:!E5YT#* 6
B,??Q])G' Q$2D=5TZ0#4H;@EX7S)@<IHY
/OY

MUN:H+V9 I. 








]NOULNWVWAX47^/Y8@$?8

I*/1=#2BH\6GD-RV=GRUJF%

)4/

/FE52Y]


*4L
M=:.A

%?IL1L\NNUTG

M/PV

#T[Y0
ME?(%/VYLJ7N1

I^B




M^:8)MQF)'D3E))K


8AF1*AOJS=$XMN.%9
*5J.9$A44 S
RM(DQ
MDT_T27LSAK



E0

M =HWYR*)8C!&N!Y?W4V[&DG298R:3*SH$XO_3N

M#!C

M[5(9K:1KKPAT:-!-*WNM

8%\$B0?3


E@Q%R2\
(=<JQ4(C!EM+AA;U
M!6+3]O7=-[9MUC=.Z#PBP71VOZ!I\OT[]*&N

_6OQ(B7?.Z1/E:WOS


 5?+OX7=+0]JA![U;7EZ+/U&[7C:C#(--@<HQD$;


^6C
?J-


V



MEZA#F@QQ_#-+=J5(;G(NGB/]2.






<
MJ0O3/[$@65JXZUO#O8MQ$;G<7\F-_1G\X!73-YB[6*\-5SGC/BY*[*DH6$*


:V8]_(RP(R]*C2A]VBGN

D6%BSM%]B37.UWD1M7R?H8O73IZ]P03MDWNOEG5DXFTM#5]_


D1\



\KRAFX[M.T.#6*^.IMVN8WZSEFGLI\8=:C%Y*2);PW[*.
MA?A?N8[O%YS^ECNRDO]KU_(3^RWK^*G^UM6N-3P-?\N]6$@_F(9+MR:9H7*;
M?0?CW**AU4FJH;:
F[O27;?:)$VG@['XFKDZ=H8NK*UL2KW5Q P5Y[L-?V



_X+
M]+X?84
%ZQ\S:2!$
MAU
%&U/S1^KY+@G2

MEYU(/&&
MOC;=+ A\\=$@-A?K+:L@G?[AHC=@S0$CH]/3[71;JT]]2)TNEZ'??KSD8J

6C.V&785&;WXEH766784&ZU]NU+K'#L=1DAP

M+OT@ 4;G:^T9.^N7K3H(-\S=]#:
=W+AI*. G7+\R%VO-G0A7MB*6=3(3S
M!

3DQ
C(X


MG_SO\.'_!@.F10C1]ZD7@1.J-8I^.2W4\SXEX2=

WO[Y'

(.RD6+%-
E=?/GRY8S_E;X:P:\1E[_'OA?S


_Y^1%8UGUWBY(F !4 1?
MP1TE?TE+8K7\.KDK09GB*

M3K=2





M#3E:5ND.$UKN+F&_5$7('!1

5*]:C=H9)  CU




M5EFK.N[EJ\+B
?T


WN
MJDMA-[V 5
N]5XNZ0IR(












X^6WDWZ6HRH1Y2)H/CXI$A%G$?D\1G2O%%KCFU
M

M2KD7MD BEK3:2_0(JO42%287-Z$RI7GF1)85BN7I:4&D2KZ_=*J0:2\;_!C^


M0?2
0]DFFTS(*C
-EE1?I13KKMQ]LQ&;

O
M[FEMM^\^C-(/9P
GS\.'^EM.MG6CILI-+QL#T^8SF-]9H3
AV[[;ET]X@^K*
MS2P;=#P#/BND'[4'CWP'!8TEO
B$WH:ERU0]82!$[FU$MO? M9Q&BP9('U
M

NB%1J08F)_/4
M\1P ;7JP2K!?#*K0.)F9SGP'T\W-2H

!I



HH#&A_C2:4_S%%R#RX2H$
MM[

)])\=$R_9
LXLNPG+[3;H96&==GI;.+
M

C7QJN
8+2SZ-#8#B.(



6)@VG2ZJ!4)])Q

MIH!DVQ%=A:SL-SB9QK
DS+TX^;Z21*SGC
K!7BTFUON./+'[$Z=66*9RT[S
MQ.6'O:LP/&


M9T^W$6M&/

M


M %[(XHIN6:9BZM0@Q=Y4Q_5\ LR:(UN+]]I7&LWL?MMTK4'$]PT[%4MG2]
M6Y$]M8#=@;MXY-P$4;XY3U]*E^[86EY*81CB-P_Y77UZM&KJJ1WMK3V4)]\=
%W-1

MK5WI5W4;*L\*+LKFMJ*:_PG@S*.%Z95Z2W3P&.NHKO/](HZ68)D79/G^




MH$:!_E&A0M3MB;HN5Q=J:'47%\2_:-/%UFW$1VBCI00D-]!*%A*J+[4OQ9O
M0M%M2(6L=7^-MYJ^+ )GCP2K]FJA;S!97*]YD &S


Z7


M-J
D3@@8(I2PK

[U


#PEI*\R@[Z&8:8L1.QD[GK'?'EI'M12][(H4VQ'R!:7T0N)%





H]0CX-$ K(+IAR:=I
M(^.
*32E?LN?_A]02P

M
C Q.3$R

MKZODL5W=9W9C0T&3D

B7ADP0(T-5S



%O] G__C;[PA_OAST?P3_CI^.BG
\:G^;A4%1Z5$JUP_<)\B_?MH\]A/Y



IGBXML]8+1
TKS^!7=P!A=:4FG



M82?MY(

?XM2$KT


JMW;$Q*UY_Y!XTM6;1Z\JFT)5]B[J)T*I]

M84%RDRXRO*JT=XF*(-8X$S'PJI8S3U[$*S)4O^1H42:W



MK5YDRL=-))B]5(/@2QHAO#DDHJ'X

M


Q
GM[J!

-SD\16@0PE@T*Q^C;D*C9




M2O9S;@??\APA/#??QSH$KA1Q+(GRIME/E/RR!XH20B

MST42Y)L$1M-O


C!XQ5
M)]B5Q--/.\8?B[&#ARFPH1VF6;I(4N[X)##Q\%FY:Q4UK.=6@YKP
:]966
M?11L6DXZL_KN$(ZSZJ-+F%D)A\.\]6(9./@\#EA\;IN
4^MD7*5%7+RM


L-O0F)VGJ32


[J(#J?E05)

]VWKR43 4;G]W7\5.'_WG*5B
MTWC_,2IXW[:67!2<(TO[._X-$'H7B'KH)![C^J,40-^VC$(D'KL[^PW4E4A



MSL
!WW[0N1
MP^$PT]4.^P*1/&W)31JA;_^%Q'NZO6<K#T]6^5!X;!A?Y^]#C=Z_W[%P;R\



O3E

[9H
M\FT(KZF+W_:&QR4A T7K27Z=M__?)2UTL85*



G

=QWMH'H8*NU@/CX=
MVZJ:9._
4QV6J908)N)T:/C0CKQU()^1.&A'WGP^\

-AK+5^N
MLDCRVE#-]
B\E2

M1&A


ASK3
JU,'EST;PFM1I?\\' Z=Y'2\U2IB@:;RZ4R\U^*0
MJ=
;?F9Y$T#TYAIZ3=QU@BB]F7&OT7SR@;X[%C9O2G:O0R?SN^-A+QRTF*
;-9?I#


M*46G+ON/ A3'J?X:




M*

GPF^R^V_MC 
'IC2A]'O9E


!K5+TRA-0!V&I&IRZ(R)'_N
?6Z!-<WY.[&R<=%-^\EW,#'D-)OSLH.S\+5H&:W
RLGJ
MR7AJ/K'CE&N3QK-2_0Y'/




]APT5J[;89@@=.CS6;LK$C

D(%[8&
M6-[5+QGR??FJ@+Q)<5&3F.8#GI;%<X;C/X4EX06M )]WQ9*5&
#\2;[Q8&D


MV)(U:Z(
W)![*

=.KVOPOL4U)V\0Z_2

M+ZJM_U
 &TF2X01FYX \=(] RWE

EI1O6=BW[5?/!Q/O
M7)9G!Q$5W6K#&P?UM@X[R9 C&0[SP$&WW)CQAEB.Z-VYF7KXBDXTA1=(Y2


MLX.

M4G#&#X5U%L77XASMS&E2J\9T[

G
MMVT.\



4?@QI9);$JM?J9SX^'8S&O3+TF^'S)TOT([Q@MIA&5!CI





M]RIA0J_SY!X?N:KFK':;MXM[T[([F /?C@ JTMC6E6'8WB0^:'K?\=A2QG;=
A7I='_.WT+/LR-[!$;'<5=O:C[UU\Y[XYL(6+!.:L,27WQT:
MT*2T[W62?<U[9RJ["0CVMHKAGR/<C#70E#KNECR[B]J3XH^DC;]SH]MQ:4U
M_W.^:57VD/UQ@QNA84Z6F$_@$GEV$M$_PO_IM5'K[Z%U8[]'I1+IQA;XT=;

W-CP_:K


M7.52@A&]%
:FLQO


?+YV*V  B5(-QX

BN?BD69K(-)1-^KJ!F=CKY;HTU)
M-?[D[COT@FUQKU-B*/@)U#L!S3F-Q32[X]?%[4\BP$/)-V/T+GB3A'](VX*M
MZM2MHTN+*KE
F/YD$^0+#-


M%-6&\09!ZYE!KVM0E5

!^7/VD:U7$:8\!^$Z]G69IU<7M3_['


':US=[1
4/XD

MP@@-]CX')0Q/W=YH:3X*;CGZR

M F&4%RK&V
Z3L&






RZZJO*OW



M^J.;!R*0L!*C4EL8B4Y#?LPPI0F70Y?C.[5#X_;A@['#V0RY%RF-Q
/AW4






MB(

P[_]
M;M^-I+WSMI7SK)ECXT3AG$&0G

M



TNDF+
M(%W&
%/T\[QM!*:OBX2T A7JF7!Z'56Y.+T[IMN0P/XB&B+LOW$'6AG:V;%K


MU1X9




M;2)%57MD$UT'





-4  ^9U':JB;G6CXT?)(#7N21ZH!
_!P#0;^97%::U_NX:J$[XV':SP%
W0S
-5

MIS@($6^^:%I*S:N_:/)3NS)E-KAH^EIC%X!Z&#U
M:^P:!YSHX?]*[
+TGH5


DGCQ!KOR31:^_AD[H_91X#DN:A+#O_:EA5_-'\)G%)4)

P/X!GR-)U:7TCEY_BEBGS=^$9LI2KO9V1
M.U*+):^$[X\)9BNC24


&[R+VE01G$!O?3.I#EQX+?8JN\Z
M3H

=+4.#K_(K1/N+'!6JAZ[X0&+Z$:_






U 1;ZYD
5KD@0)FRL'87K$V(7M%-@W&I8_
MOQ%


MAP &E5Q](M3ME31@V^S'3H.T0Z\)#R\+%&TE:6L!NGNSD7XCXZ@2K=C&W
M%=%LA5@]5!Q';@ZKN
\#!+8.


FH



/ASL4=9KI&W:.7#&\#

#E\*7'

_E



M
!@!Z?PZWV6V7


D;0B9WXPG;)&-=4B7GEPO'GIEWK7'\ R%6=%W5]LWD2



_*C162E/SCIY^

ML /@*[%-RHM:#OBC(]_2F%!%LY=6942]MW
 AB=5EP1T
&7^#DP= .IAU26J

)WQ=N2U8]B^



9AL



M#K;'L#E9Q05!2
;AKK0]W2Z?M+]NFN.B)C'\:U]:^!4I[57@(S*()D])?&R
MFL)IV89_H0!_HH2PRJ_^?+EV2K:]DFP^U8H@=*Q^[68 OH!-LB6LNWH;Y /



V

WY4



MNLDMF0MZ83#7MI


[@;.1CZZ'<<*OH=
MAWVZ&SD8^N5W'*HXPX9]NAL)TOII4BFJVJ-LB^\AH6GTSS)(XL5;GXW.8/[
M:D^-M,*@)#7*QJZC'.R
)18(5^$@6X!W-B[^



I.UY=<LB[[&[_X3!F&;1^:6$J2[I&@'FS=I4CB5Z00<<5K
;3D:'%(F


MS_/QQS&13*J$



799%&U^M@-WS*
C




MZLUT 6EKB?;+KF5SL_M8T3^RW%$0/O#\PM58U63-RE^CGL6=B'$#BZ[
@_


3D+MVQ)?P.4O1;@*#_!$':1Z$1-SS
MMX?RY26)$988U.TZGKO



?Y KQWE



MG_GX='QV]!'WF\W4P


;A

M##C(?PB6UR A
Z9@-
HTB
MDB8!)I

3UA^(TS!^2= %

MAM@TA


ME*0ZZ#0+XT-


EL\/J/W

K*4&MJ=ZT

9A]\N[3N]?^QJB?QF
M1TWH6X'2$4;L784]?7KUY^?8.G



3KI8L*2/SI^[]IR!\ALT@
M?JNCE%(G: 4 G5Y=;TF=%!F'.@?NB_



MCF;KHIJHH-ZA;EUO09LHV6P%\^;*_A1\BU?E2JCNG6=@YG-3XYPU4 _5S)#5
M6N5R-06#BJ0*KC\#0KN)9U-4\*&LDM+A'02'7&;+19P__P
%T3E&7V'+4\LD
M.8VBF

ML%B@.K:EQY';X$&P2]8N2







=+M3
MC
D9;17Q=_[V_LPZ@U %ZAU9&I$8F\_!2L$_8.%UE59/7)])L(GF^!%L:L%:
MI




M


\TZX7:U\;F5@\CA]OV@4A51O[/67J/PA)C4EHZR_F)
B&NE;%(('@YC#CP_;&&E=HBH6872


2ENN;+AL\*/\5
M9[E:X4]V4XK6:39(;3:5



S)=I/(A

[TA3]#/^&C<KQFQ/5C.


MNA%=$)*\=U2C5-J[3;=42TY/&[4'C!&\G%'AP&?[:Y9%7^/WU.BLN
'U(U3Z




:AE@^6&2'#P' =Q%@4%B-J4MU5.^K'RJ&

M&6B]K

MI&KT[(#QIBZCY9(A!*ZW]5_67*@SR ;G30G'+KCTY2:D75+M5WLT5GV$R.M[


M#][E;^APF*HJR%118+\&ZB;/:UBW
CL:G
QW4WU[%WC1V8 4*\54A62_!F&G

_W1$)!
D.D&R\3^SM#%@ZW
M9&^DNNW7N8=M5?A35-UJJFVME\'%LJ8_EU[FVJ;:*I?IX#M$3L3TUUC?1]


MJU 

MOKKM=G.E.JV%












7I<8M L3 ,AZ'7\C/TFIX[8!;$XC)-O1)H%EP/(7(;^

M6:*U.O ; 3JG(0\M^9'@\L9#]BD(GP$0?JM#E+'&;P3HG&:T;


-FKU


8\NO0Z]^FMN]EMQ4 U^@0H]*=S+DNB%ZS?W6P@7Y]/
505+3T%
-%$K@L

TBF(JE_/L
ML-9/.(X=;*JKH[*;U4L0XRK;X'. E\*P(7:#^7#HO1E]?!!EH(+)F\.
^D9.
MP$_]

M



MJ9(56@-N#S+6M)F3M




^Q:U\
M2:UQA&#B-1FGT@6FB
W#$Q&1H&H9@

ML

H\B4\R
M?^Y10?3-^RZV,E3@V(I%JIG&]12E,UPWE.L\F-=]/HAR$;#_GQ<S0&*@Y0Z


M?S4= +S^J%Z^BXVE5 7^Y*_C(- /BJ78/LHV40;2Q.TJ&P3^CLA)-(JFK_#;

MY[I5[8*B=WIAN%O&ZY@EM]T\8ES50:O5#]6#4T]
9]RS@7
&@.
40IIN6%E3



MQ =TLVD@YXR!]JF7A [^PU&IE?Q'N;?Y:#P96
JB8-IG;@(FATT'/C1-)*)Y

I@3


WED&!/MY87E




MV*IQ;VB+
^#Z305X/M069^-U]LX4QYN

IM\K
M9UE7P.I-#
)-NM9XZ[5=LZ=*%1Y&58K7]Z8@O8E3D #0G-T;]$95XCI:LRF/
MC4:%4 W^)SV96CXLOC[,D9D1H+#
:/.(@0D52^].\_2E$Y38_0YGMEL\L%

M?#S&;L*T%*4_J8;W)?^



D4



_IB#_NFJP$[,[=IVJ
MJBF/C4:%4 U_7378UXDO2[$O8^0C7C48.ZUHTN9[9;/+!=F'JP8VDP6,[;AJ
M[:WP30#VX@9!W?$QY8RM%G+%C!N




MYD

A A*/IR'H*D




MA5



M@0

GU4XQ[\O^<#Z!EK_/AJ=,RK4*%
M'WX=1M!Z<SM_%_QYD,?Y P (HEGZ6XK8V80&PV4!RR_UHTQ@0#9Z;03/@




7IZSC/\P;/8\2




M^.I^8D=N_\HP+;CK!IQ;)!^'.]NBZ?U%8Z?!C@6(I-439@V1J6LU$'X
\=
M9P-\N)ZQS!'CXT7CVRR-LK3R_SP%Z1^SQ0*1J$*0^_;F?'8O-5^5VL^'9TXO




(HM(8A[307@2$^F:@X




MM.F2XG664=V4*6-$!=[XTE703(O:*4&ELIV'6\XCDMYA)G:6_[?KJ4-)%=YX

M107.P(3$[A2TXZQ$E:M!P]* J2.
;@;();7$LC3?U+1Y*++PC]G7%&%2A_LN




MYK*3M 2\3J^7B;\;-G=*D P=G784D3$:VO'Q&5V0N((;NJAC/RS 5D7'1E$7



MW7(^&CF+
U(]U]8JWFP?N1'BI*G-9DN$
XYH8PRYJ!U



A
*5L'6
/TI


GEX#C Z#W(4



3JZJP./U4#0.6X_+ AAFIH#$0CJYVZW2*PC\4F



MJOV8XUD(U$3



[+S$&]A([(LQPL!3G
M+;?*05&R#N:CL8

M;548DP)2


M@!/T!C/F[\\H*/A%#SB/PKKH]'9#JT_QT'?#A^C/M;)#J%??PJ2
8+DCVBA


C




.GIN/C]P$5!A+/



1934S+WZ\8
H?T]BGC[H*W

9.1
8C94;ZJX\ 5_( 7THL;?[WMS0.SL1,$RN?L@O:GUPA?Y
M\3G&S5G=M@:\SAPJEDG=PV@@*VBC/9=J-65N6T!O9U)5*IJL38PF+H/Y]5VD
M\C297]^2:[-1H609:\QO40S-G]2:IG.UV_)S&DBM?W*0.UD5D(F<EM[RY4O(
MGGGBIESM'T\7277/W4<QMQX^N.B
96/TGY1S5-7-\RYNCM4\:'$IG([=J%?


#[4^-3:44F;6DEHV#
MS=UDK1^=.LZ[VWZI;8;9GZ2;[I.3CTY=I?]M2:*!$5%7@3\9.;T8$]XLZQX

H)E.@

M-(7#

MU\FMKJ%1(8OW.$CI).+


M,(#G[,4;_YY'N2Q\:+E??



]?WM_9)U88OHUP)'*
M3J9]Y_.Q7O9&0[465B])]H;0.CD#&P;
O:\HAQUU)7'^F!656VS[]PL8')^S
MXE^H(
G#EFG\Y_M(8A5GL/5.V.4[-9M-#0*VK6-9;=[LL*SAO$
XSJ+K#*]_



32%H_

M-EX'JG== YK!


FZL$ WDR#
T=1+*Z.@@\*;V5FW.ZUOWC7)4E782J.A




.XZ6Y67]/:
I$F







704 $.KCGIHW'
M6MX*I:_NXCE&BZMO*R+^!4&U0)VFEAX*B5H03 -+&W:%(ZI&DUZAY^7D!)




GXGF!R\J<JG+V/CX'*=W(Y[]%T5^
MD]*OTL9 U10!5/^!;ZMWJT7. &[O*&L



M[\&:GL-<@:M []^6\R[^[A?<99;R0[)?QLL


M97)&=9\.@];P9V61%T%**FM1









M?3&IH_G^./D-[)\9E_SSOTIH



?/F! 2
MV.MG/*WK+\4T!09JK9IU!FX4O%QBM P*M!O8+C#4.W@K$-O[:]B'9GIGBO.K

M+034F8ZN;3$N+0Z=Y7FAWP1L25P=+BBK/3S=:5+;DD_U_@81@D5=;DP3R(:F
7X+;<TDC<-EJ4EQ?]4P5$Y6IG+F
MI1,[+F,O



G;!PHKJX

MYLE;*L(!8;86
)#
@99$_=EH6N3GRE0M'0TU*Y7KA*Q6#&LX&B&?0_79NH
MUPWGU




M#3JB[3W
+]
4 KT%!^!['8+MEK;7 AW1]AX6D*T=CM[5)&A'&(BIGTT[G)P;

CZJ*YR3P!<+&.=JPAQW?[[;F5+$ 2=X
M/NT$5KJ]CB@1<:9T$*IT@1(WP


M1*48YK0(8;WVG_T5+


 /V6;CQ2^S





_BU#*Z3+UGV%\QBNPW.4./
Y7SNC'.'J







MRX]7
X]S

M''IKJWDAB4VU/A;.5%UJ! WO#!!$0]B5/EC8P/F-MQ!TG]IG1:TQBB?T#-

MM-Z2F?7O_G6J\CDZA\\AMDC^ B#@0(5E:V9)AWEG\A2J1*+S2_4**U5QU =
MR'6%5&;&F5A\PV*B-HMVY*6RF 0N.Y4Y.;!!:.O.%J,!+J3A3?+Y)99Q8S:=
M;



M!4OC8Q3[+%%X7&J



M





!^#U!M
MLHT4[H-GP#R2Q*0(%;4*LX!6)!R$H#C'81#@!V]3KPC9[@7@W4XTAAO&7H=Y

MC[Q-QH+IRMLD5WZX]$/NB+F

D5&M\[C8L1T]

M\)


M9@:1$T'94


M(ZB9*3RF'T&UO8
@_]QME



M-E^!'Y8L]&(_DFPTA


MG+[
8[ 3WG);9:7\%^7MG^X@^:%S;


M9=54X&N+[(@I1&@$\3

MQ \B)P


4*( E%4



.-+! [52Y

MBM01WX6MJ(L&(M?VI71VJ]!5EJ0 3[QM


M;


](WWQ940R\N!B/!L,?-W'Z0$JM9N)O^PQ
M!*J^'*+*?W
 *S# ^'Y^1_


7LTDO\Y35+/3_XJ6


M -0ENA:PX8@ (.E]CR'QUF48R;IR7A'
*0!

890\^MUMM]-FQZ.W*@+UE3
M\1S(&N5.+)#:@;WV^Z^.J5I.HM!5$:Y2+(:W=C9[%_!29\*UP%G9?)+ U?I:
MMBJ?F+-UOBRK$HBQ=P (!ZHU&;%$FKPB@B1PY)3I4Z:;5A\&=L@S@^50B^6#



M0E$[B];_.K'C*VKE?YW@!6&:
6C0_UI;0[KROT[LW+7;]GI
*DLIRIVA: C[



?W$]+L3+=LV
M)&D\<YB1DL<!_2;BGGM[':.L*FAA3T RJ.ID%?KMTCC@5N7=)4J&&**306J










M !T_%AX^4=!LZ12H7O$\$0'Q&
W
.W3U^R!C*UW6^.MLJ\G[8//]E'M2F]
M JA3 #$TYD;/X;@@3GYN8J8L0(!H0JWSNE@3&GN%T/V8B6$+QJGZT-B0H$!'


MX





RUZE97/@Y

G)=[@AUB[.3D[



MB
5X1%






$

5!K-)H%.O%H@=+^1M'(C];!S3 A+8JM$)9<KRHXS

M8QP]^YSEZXS-HZLB&L9_WJ8%S-;'H?^\;SA;











MW-ELMSD9V#DGF-QM%K)0[C9S5OI2V'-R8LF)T6BWF4.GV 7E%%.51VD KXN[
8RRR!#6:23)=_9WY20RWA<@;

#$Y


M!1$2NQAD-
E02GUVW_WPX 

MBS+)LW_]W?MOO_\=PMDNCY/L\5]_=ZKV9W_XW7__;__[__9?_X^SLY]PAHNH

VKL04XFGC*E NR6TUYM1Y
M


MO/OV
7_^+L8)Z?#]C_2'


M^J^\MY:Y;=$?LZC8-5\B/QJXJUM\M\O)^GBLSGJ
[HO\H!R=^I.Y4I#OUIW0




U['/1ALA#HPM^H4W7![#Q.%ZRU0[,XSD+K-9]2KEBEQ
M.](R)6A!M.R#BY9]@-6R#W9 ^!2EMGR#*YE4QD%TK(/UEKV89J6+;$-O4XR




O'=65Y_P./R;T$#VK/D4'U?(@;^IUUD=\

ER%-661XL %8E7)CY5B!


M



3BTP^YG?\^.KF^*VR)_3K*=
CTE)


M*HOQR[]C_69]U-9O].B(4U7 *&^(6$M$F@)'B


4C*V'8?Q71LR?
M\O2455'!'U#IS_M';;TB9
RI AEM0_Z.#?C47S' 8QPH1G?E^;\]/:3)[F.:

=S+1E-3_L(NB;9[R*$UB![)%;TPZ

M'^9+

MFMP^NL80.+W6Y/
1



M$&N[.






P -O!&^GE79&



MIL&N1W6KGG AB16BW#3Q0OR9+/E]@:
27V#^7XN@\R4Z]ZG
D<.L-P:XW!.]2YF-PA=V@C \!\4+_*J]BVG#2-D74P5XVW!!=U0X
MKIWM6S+7Y3;^ZZFLZ-5&*PPMYY=GHA-YGW

M@RBV-JC^*JH_B^AW-RC:$WO 3 X-4KS#.UK5MRNZT?&U?ACOCWQ4

M:J%6&-QFY.I]


YP\9CQGPNZ593>F9?H(WUG,_I4R&[+VDK 2'P&L$VN-\ 37M&8%
M-;P@@1FV


SQU^QME)
M^DY@W
2CL@M\#='6_ EFW=8P1C6]X'^&4?5IO/E4S'
M/EE:8;UQ\KYA:M[ T$B6/R?5T_FIK
@&KB#[N/1$V=N6)2;_B_49TR;UYG\;


M?

M88U Z?6%-?Q\OICD;S5[[(A\?L+ZYY
VY%[?4EK)

MK#A/

T#L[!_;%^W/I



MI-$EMVLM:.!7Z?;F9_B3R6J?-





MSAU@B
#.I1YVW




J2L]9%D%F573Z:4'L
M4R5M9!F_/FB($*6B?QKN@WBE#RXTCI9HIT)%1G1*0=IP/5*&NDC93(&F;^


MY^'SKH:U$I$_GNT ;HC=

YC9I.D;-O2=L4R7T8XW




(

\?













MDS)=4OV?HQT4Q7)CA[B-O%VNRIYYHF#5[$S/W+Q,_Q(3QV]#$#[-_2&)
4

MW2H%J


M)M43.C^557X@RB^&?]'__)__]
./H#?H[B ?W:V[(]SGK?N.&O=DG^S8&=A'
M

J[@P)[;3V



M_;8BS\B/.YX*I#A_HF%P5YG8(

*(V
MM-_W

M[E7?GDRQ;LD





XINU@).U?U&3.5GU_=G83[BB3-\6^7
2X_C#


^)QS\
TZ3K[@(5
M!+Y3D

'\_0N

461:R2T*=:N0%TJ&9N

M^M-X)TI]=_
T?GVAQO2DWE<X0S\2\K]LC_1HU2</-.8


MTLP;;!Y'0)__N\-TJ';N&(54PL8@W$:OU' [Z=Z(%E3EQI)8:EJ[?M64H6B7

TE31/(@E*4GCZN^=
10AQ03!6LE*)02
MA*$Z8[C9:\\8:Y *=)4]DZU;7B3:XD &.E5Z4M@J2L43@Z8I)$R3*L4D@@

MPFIK.4$I)M][#QFX9O^G56@[

%=H^^3BMX@ZR_-




MH

M?V?IS'BCC:=+&KM3
6O16) ?P7R!G_/TF3*_XT^4]]$.+!#! *3Q09D415ZO


M7+!FXU7*\\V]$422NWPC@A:+

1[F^+:K+LRT
MZ1[1_@$V@[9ERGV


6ZNIW N=M



1DX=1:U+OY!-IE3Q:KG20R.4$LB-

M28Y1:K%2&NB K(-

M])RV

G+BWY7R-L(/69IJ/9\O&*!90]WK?4
M5N

M/K$K@SSNG8[2T?6.
T1A[CPE:?YME=E%Z ;4;-T^@M22B^6LEA;$=WVJ4M*
M6M:2AJN2[J#57;E:(C9$IW819S90)W89YS6H]]7V4K)=H\Y/?1MNZGSW- W
M]
.I3#)
M3=3!%2%MV)6T2K**M$U8]CSPG'E3
&MT4RT ZU\K:3BYL':S_%QNZ-S3PZ

M?D)8+A42NJR7B/3Q1E9


8'1ES81DA8I30'JR33 ,QTJ@L
M_^'W[__Y^W_9:F4VE$:<*?91!I !W3O2%FX.3)]OGS!Q2XI]7M%





Q3SW11;?\F)Q[)\W


4KW =!L'MIVB/QTKJ
1WWLJ!XUKJG*D'89XMI&.=I

E1Q*XESQ1F#GUP8[%N '-*+MIRU,IZ2M1YS+.!W
MHH-Q(
91.;Q#5C'=O*-]FV!:;AD^)ZF\7LS1^K(F=Y)#FM&T_WW!/D&U^U
QXJ4X*%QM[L=#@:W7




&OHV5K=]2#;U01AE2?-Z!IDZ8S
M,-3:&'C7CD+#K<Y0.@ 7?%86=C@]=&X=$P#JM?T$31E!STZ8G4
H]3&U=92


4\C*.[C)
 BB.[T$8=&2R2]$&!4BB!
M&]')8D '-YK18P%_0#M*\Q
F+'

YV55LIQO#U&)XR8+N<T)\<R.?1X/SAV#T2EBY_WPA/IMEZCN$[%.-SR=


X*62;)INL-54N!^^+_=L99]+WY/!QRD


7CL^P)G?I
M





_!JK#RGMR4OF@]Y$V@)-M'FW0


M55(FV2.+7V1%]5ZMTC69*'WF7S)*


YA-:(-MK4
M69SJ?P2GD]/%*[L454PXV( .(\;&L1Q&@

!/LULV#O\

MI1)B0F]#C FU=# MH36YOM[ERRXI








M2*S&\QVFEVKI:P-H2!=_*H2'CO]4_'K
&Z8J9F^OI/9=^
P+9B_7^.R%DVY8

:%PZ& FL0KUI5\CT%2-PT1ZLY2)'7-;^)B/R<L7_(^+]#ERPZ7)6(_'9,

6$HP_@$NCLDSVR8X_



MDEX^'<6 1+G<DP
 2T'A$?[WU;V$JLKW1SK
G;R)
M


M)E_\-S+0:9W]QRZDV)K:4PBQO33CY;.F1(04-;0L7Q6\9BTC&D^^!17SZP@T
M




MGAJI2
_TK^3;A(BP25_&T%^



7(
N\42[=



MO8O$
=K18C'[-/]:SR?]VC^2GXGEB-A];G^*7YEAW$7'I(I2^K?V#]_2T#QV
M

MW_LV&3/+.$B^N


MN^V(L=6^/P'XE=XE;N9G^7/#Y5-_LOC9C&DXZIW7H_\I@LO^Y
D75:I]2G




M@;^;*.=/Y%^81?=&1?%*MZ!M[
VCF#HLZ5*'P2VV#F!3WPDJD;: E_PQR9(*
MLV==


9 -]GH?'161C^@3
%9#:(?P6)GVFNRL$M



AO!BNS\8;5;?
MDKU

M20

MQIY78J


Y(<H

MN#
$

MH/T9TS?4-$'Y

[N/S7O!GLC&9 !6TC];)RV^;H'
LIN:LQ0IV:JVSPAR$.HF7_:(/0T]JR&Z6.H



Q.QFUS\1Z]S+L]#0].&+B7N=T_;]^]_
M_)')]X\E:KSU




M@J7-N5NG&Q%[;=YRO:

6]P^4I#265]P38JMV29B=[(S<





N!N-8=




=(VY)]]T7UXZ

ME0%4%\98

W$B<),11!!TR.]&)VT.0Z2K%:X*1O1/C;D@DOZ[P



2V$U?7/F&5F9QS?-GF(;N_U6F]6@T


C*I&3

6MG0=:8R_HY:_-;7O=8
KW?PEQ


W&K





MGC

MB;!*_T/9?8Y2&HFBT7
SJ4=]MI!C'$3;D#:F&&6_20P2CF/&%VI#&D

M)LV5
0+3NO*T59\HYQA2=7OJN.TY!37B-'ZOHC10F\\Y\RAN/
$GT6;3N=!D
MTE#
W:E^:_U7TA.B 5;Y'M'.4&&::J [M
\X)7T^UMF(-6O1L*'/.DI#'D?A
M*[Q!DU
Y'?$4MB4^+
MY60+AH;
R1!

Y

M=T7WYKU6]:=1]VW$/TY!5=.PQ

!^9*/[K








D9B?(PL$Q:(R:&ARC\#
U
OR!
MF=46I@6%;_9M@6'U&Q@K*H_@UG
_2J'




2)





(2)M #T5



U0+6XE&NXNZ,<-6^X^ 5HOU!(-4(<


M[/?)#J.^']7V  E^












MW8J+.0KDXD(X-?


M:%HM@2'MDJ^%@CGZON


Q&77&7E'0





U*C#FQCH


MBQSR3V*D'I.6ULT K


?(

$=:S4G01T).MQN#\2'ZIUH:HBBC'*H@/0PR=@Y!'?)YA8EW43U =I%=


TR
M2\T7Z;


0*I

VL^2
<&9$Y\L9WEV5N!\1^-7:;$L\0GS'H]M-[ !<U%5
MXOEHJ=O
[SH O.


RWG
MEJCA[4/#37_\+9#3'WS04S:#K5%2P)Z2*6R-[!0L %-C&':+$Q$84R-CI(YY
M



IAR3;]DOHW74GG=Q^FX'^_76!QLVQPU[4$/\=UD
M^+Q[PO$I91DR+@_'-'_%1)</<[C%15.39HFZ:-K(10#7G]63XHYP-=:+N



X'7O3TZ=$

MTG
M+Z/XB57\;5Z84@(EZ'W%U5@


 I@IV(S%790



M\&YWN_Q$]!
5;;/?C.DS*.VJ!M@L6_3#%YE-!=,7KQZLGO]]ZHH1-'S)-E
M:S_Y]NV8;O2:OTEREKY5@S52KW4+XPYTZVV:I)ZAO2WP


MK-R_%1O*'%8PRUE__3=C+YO1A+22C(??HFE4#2[1T.*$M??J0HWAWZZY[*FR
M7R/9T^.W:1J[33N0==0Q\$8-I'9
/=E(X63OMV@FG8:8'_7]!HVA67G7M(=F


(OGM

[_R)_GB5;0_T&/%FKR!I

IU(PO



[FTGS[K:NI



RA4F4NJN


M7IX*;+&CGMVS1]V8/PJC*(VZ1\2ZI
4MVT[;PB;4440U/6MV=K[Q/-^!AB



M:4E@(A'#)]S5
[7M:#QF5<B26/Z;'Z;Q5<'






A%XOSPPRC$_-.
$&
1)/*J%+


RBQD




X
TM&CXE=XR]HN0RXL<QB'6E9



M



'&5U415V J@O:IX#&_RXUQG5

JO28$+#+J
!M21TX_%0$$SAJKTAHI0PB=52)+


MD0WT3 2^$Q39@(O;K5!@9#?DTOP^RULA372/

M;W'?




=KG
M*-'@#[Y_BHJ$9ERW0:^DK4?PRC@=8J%I P]=)VX[X)8HRRN49+OT%&-:MJ$-
M$ $MO*M$R1#22H@LLFMOK+PAA%!/ K!7E_MWZ8W#4$?&$R4H /S'T/8DJLP
MH]J-KPH8UXVX\[!'=4,@QUASB Z]9HUQKJ'
!Z@#J1R?HRZZ6UVX-]+N(G7

MDX]U1 4-8Y^2OVNW Z2/HT_68PG

4[OT
MNK1

M91P 

.;T481I;/T481HF!KY


M7S




MXM

M
V2$CO5RA=T4C8*)[;+B3!]#8M]%: HE#Y1P4RC R) 9
D)';+G;I)@01[


M0W8@\=-NGI%[5Z'$3]MY1^;X:1O_R
\V8P%Q'0Q5L!'B#E[@5/3Z4]7MCBWG


#QQ:D@+!+_
LEC#?CT9!XQ9^!_




MD87G




)

HZL'
M4=/R_5@9853

MTG62X:L*'V0KAJ$]D$J)'%N
'6V.6/L =&LYWJ&4;(07G:*M Y8IRK;
P$_6


R:[\9+Q?22JD5/


MQT3H

!S7A@!:E1?@
K//E3C&9UO'S9)26^


M1N!:BA;(D2H$-#C Y10I!S@RFR
/TZM;+0!:QBLAR9+'N)+)[5SHPOB29Z


=BS7]?8ET47=R1I[



)Q&R:H4L


M_7@RR%
DE.3CD?F\J.XF'






3:UF&\&D(


KEZU#$#7_B20@ ^&R.



M('M


)^B#

)1PIU
('(NSY\KN@%S/_7WI?V1I);


Q*Q$
(J4@2 9.J






M7


)WL4#&T/*DW.1]@
M=(O.N


MQH_+&.*;8:.!4LM(=A

?-3X
MY^RQ -M]\'L+
0B6\
(T L*B@+=TQY.EQ;OSY92]0/BIS/:?=U]29%C'Y'*'


M571*#@F

MGW[_Z??@TBDC:IM8#PE) 6L9_4BA*BSBV95'F&_C?U0%2:2^E&'&S05&)1/R
MZG



/

?.BD?L$BMA
AA 0VXA/XYY-V
ROXM7 N;F0



3QN
Q

M&1(



M&KC73&::;1HWF\!/QRB'5SAW#5O@.BN4 &2D.Y_ 
Z

UC _)EXHLEY%$Z 3<^E;I/H,3G-)5DRUT5892KEP4$U'1!R*?I9-



M$ G#'ZM7(1^8R:^@C

P 0D R1*CH
M*_@$0C-F*2A,YOSTQ/\@7O/2RHVBUE3[MF$N?O/MS!2A;ZKR3K^;K3/&!


LF;\@9V<S]N;W)3
3;_&
HN


MD-4)&]_VG.5E\B_ZYEAZ@P1/GY+'DP[Z%5KU2@LJTDOS!=
H8%L%NQ1T[0;'







@NUI4 Y;4]#SB%]X45\UQNHN\._93H

D$_B0IR@3XM$\YKK
S:HPLKK9I?)V1)^I@
MND?KJK=)L3]E195#T3FG2@..3CF49!K:+U.9A/GUJH.NOK\C3Z_BN3KA4+=+
M]H3#DU'*G'!X^WIV*6+N
%2UD9H0G3F)/]%O)Z+AB%G4.0A/+U:*[&2
3J
MYUS^5&V%%S;(;CF$


MK@:HJ[A'DZH$.



MR^*BPLYNJ7'&.KYP5?\-Q/CIUKBKY^_ZE4C-_5M5UG4L=UE*4M=

M52JX :1'GS.




M#OC\KBD1;[\FHJ6 =HL.UP7Z4H_G3UJ:/
:




M1
7%R+DU*0A^I44]!*IICMC7@EAD.PBV+H5RQ\35J#^X/S#MOOONY/%3ZT
+9_%Z=H&!:Z]E_Y1=N$*EBW@:-W:



M6A4T=0$NRMDYN5Q\J'ZIX8I#]3.%8H-X7+/[!?DF@K'!GEQS-D@K@RP'3?5-

M;9/N5DRO#E9E(QWY594MU
S(4QT(9-N0^[-(&%=YX^%B7A/L.P.P VL)O-

$YP+T(O]&PM






M5.1RD3:FF-I!0(J51A%1])95B(2%4J$IQ_Q-/(^N3A-#(]=VAZ'R7YS]$)

M0A\.D6E2

&2Z9P#ARAGQA'#;K

D

C0@D8:+:F0TZ9EV)H\Z0&H%4
MJ;

ZD9[BDV?B\4UWSS2!*R



MP#0=#!P.DM1A8.VF E$Z5.J]K*=GX'*2+.N2'2Y_*-O+?%]BYD/[6=]OKT


E1Q6Q&TV8*;JJNZY5F
MM 5CY*S45W!%V[5K(U%L =3D\&R 9.#U.22[E-=:%TS /\$\^=$?FG +^YJ





\F_^]G)'62

:VV +$K(!6


4DZF%L0#L(
MT(TW#NG


$#S.1






Z!=D_B_7N=D2SKQXI-=2O.AS;H:T4Y)M8$6

7-I&

WG7C8&V


)&
MC4$/)SWUARD\'\HWJ?N+

MPP1DG#C711I@_-7

M(S1NLN%6MMGBFCY#F.\O]/
#8T9/SL K3=SY/%JG6$K.C3056'1GA@GTXT

?$WC+UQG9_.


LVSK!O0
MM3=.0

*8$3G!L

EG9N(8




XI%;FH5!4$
M9N^&)(OXDOG:.BF:'[M7\F%[,ILC'S:H#?^K#!_D']XF.=RC&H40[;SCL#-

M&*LW&-\(^NA? /_=XWY6I


M]-LX2








;[B
M 8VEF/[3[(L19KMQ:)B&]2-CS440+U?8
%/LVA%:KPGAQQG7DL6-M2]:KA#\ON$9 N/5';*U2<2T:SA,XA
MEUFID
6R_


1?R
R
8B




.L]

MKD0MKX'S/V;I


;0+/;;21 *E$



KHI
X$4B(V0M0R^ J'6CKZ2Y[]@Z96

%+JREWCTN0+3#5(?X6V*G#XW_JW-'!X7Q5ER$ \W*
@@!JOU8 6%HP


-![([ Y)4
9VODVXOB^H8,J\LYO!4I81GTS/QB#UA^X_^M\LF8MM@^'U\C
MXKA-8_P?/*3GZ(1OL\^:M[B:R\O@XO&/KE.C<B0ZC?S U+!G\L\P?\PD+H5K
M
(4]'H17


MUSA*Q$*;!$R;7B^B&55!;R_PXNM2VG)+9J^H!6+&
A?6@C9GG[Z[*34P(U;R
MX
VVY=6/-R^I;%A=6=4G


$=Q^=;M)#EI]I=JEI/[N-3KPM/1;J1NZ2R5;NDDG7$6!Z\N+2?V7*


!D#/W9
9.-ZLC:.[YB14+\7)Z] H5MCZBGC[A
MAZ$;LG:NVUI$_;#$=ZD(5I1'OZ*47_V1UV%[1X+Y/TZ5WZA 1 *.4ZHK5:

M39*E)I_V*


M6)(2J/LCN$1)#-!4 _9UQ7 6

D370UNT
MZV


MAA^R:IH+A1;DI65+@NA
%A](H!)MW3'.H]1+


MH.OP$\R?DSVDK[/M#C5GP.(ANX+OT

MZ


M^\UK/BF1W


M;\%S=LN\OP




M[O_#/-NE\^K;FMSASMSJWI:FB:=4?

=*#/PR.P8ROZ.
T?6F(2]M-H-:Z?W^!HC84' =U
MRX V/8A+0VVDT3K0PC*5[!0




M[@R;EMT3C'E5!.DO
63O+!N%9.PR%+4*HU]
:-T :!#$0B93;\XQA6G(R_V
MS





ME[EMC-PE9L36



O


C




MANNTE;8LV@B,OA::H+X8

!(.= @D_#HLC ZE


F? Q<?
?81@M-/\%7



DHZI;
M(8F@23L;0%K:X N'M#% 6MO@=^U/58P3=. 3&O)+\ &6QRP&OY*^/


^=J^@0W;


MIS+;?SYFIQA]65G0:+?H$$[Z4D^9)VT*?(




M

M5)3XA9=I85:)+76Z3P)IZQ;'1T^HE06)
FG*6;6HZ'7OZI0
 @E9!J!:;@


MD7[Z*:-H*];K?7+MOFO$T[

M


M]Q*R0MS(!%+@N]3ERTU:E#E12D'6.@_'*-V1Q[H_9O5Q$I^JM!MT1U3Z
D]\
M23R7=N%*#QF@[0&F04!:!+A)0-M$





M$


M7/-MCOZ9VU-^S\CDS*K_9*
SFY)[KM&F;3G
7MMZN3&;P+0@0C.N[JN7L2




/]) BVU2N7





SJ9N4+9D^^1R@O0:#1:)
MU_A#=@_+
.Q.8_FN%.#&9TC!VXP\HZO4YTO$;T?M/WT$T!F])]OOOO!1Z[?




X
E3'M








M!GS_PYOO_K@!QK00VL'#R+AU#A]&EAV
?Q1]Q3U)K*'O(V6:,=/RLJE[%3$
MX09-?5_7\!;(1_.\%3A^,G^




)]6H;-]NEW8
5Q7OJ!8+?,&)70G]DI1'MHKZHD.^
M9?]K$@4M2]9-J!IE=Y.9-L%7U##_=6VGTG&O#[811N1
I]K==C4-0D%SB
Y.]*JT3$5';DXI&88FUU8;2W
M5//WNK1+:5SY_^2MC'7E.38Q&:^<JX]C!\\B;X!*Y1!P+?((SI<X!?P#'!;


ME^][^S@QM


3DQ
C(X7W!R92YX
M;6SLO6USXSBR+OA](_8_]/;]W-.6)=G6Q#U[PZ\]OL=5\K%=W7=V8T-!BY#
M:8KT\



2Y2_'1\='
M/_W?1[V_#T=_'Y[]/S_]O^=?_K]??J&C(/HSV<O)3_!J*/T/WXN_<[[<Q+^
M+4[FOQX?'?5_77_X


M591T/+N






M

ZA5^.2]FZT9I49-]]G%(LB*
M'1$$#ULE7;3AX&7$H+239N.[\8+D=R_



D6V\<^,9LY'.IV!;)L2'R5FR..#?\@7QK4*N]]-[E,5F;H.Y77P
-MO3A^&'E7!,R[:5 (:CQ[
M.8OV7@&6V%9C8U/\
U^RP;:\C)3_



XV@*=!=22I]B&DV:P\ED



MVF7.3
L1&+?SQ%O /'N OTZ:?&@B2Y8W[W$KS_)[?VTA1G]0%[S9/KB

MUP$B](7@M


33VT@9A61
@W'/AT+2;)XT^QE;%HXT_*J^]:+5[3[CT*Q
H 8_L9_7

M*?+@Q-.M+@L[+DZVA4%[3*'+(K]
2J9_F\=OO_HD^)5*B/ZA$-4O1[U5=IG_

5\/T-;)U=J*2X14BF8(RB




4\YW=
)
)!%R


.GLDTAD^
C/%*5
M9&WSJP^(3_)Q2T@NP[J*%UX02=BM?LRDT

MOY#%


M$?@

MEKM.GT !%@&#A_'JU&3P-LH(=4


MC@J4@%Q'_3@
T^]QF 
%3/CY+-SY]L=Z^M5H\(C(!$1_TW#
M]_AP&TYLP

2



Y@.G1]?
^RG
M[2:3 T= I=/NH!6:8C
9)T6F%5:B5
GG3A

;\X1X$A;+G[ 36_O<05P



9W+Q7

MP8ZY

MYAJ]37I8#^=4[/)UH39$2\E7ZF9&JF3XA+^8W

M=:6
8=N*7.* ]-6MN2N/P',KBRT)A-L-6Y+R5.R./--)
GS5C]2UH&ZI$D

3&N4!S(/5NDK@(Y\(C$C
ML3)T6VE3


VXHN6D

BW#8RN?
[Z%N#C,'V7ELRM?.?2AVDH^@ZD7<I'57AQ 0


H=OW=1V
K1@Z^E 'XU_RY(









QBFSLKN*J@1FO9< !W(T-



49
M*1F_M9PVZ+:PT@@&P


MV5+C/DWBPEVI+_178\1*EOY7S#G:@FP_EV0N-%DA.PN-B)0J0,\=-;RQCAP
M4W#O+:D;1O^.8+O!I-=#]D(IN))?$?# V,H@@\QNDL,XMZ987.4_DI.MKH]
\O'S%;1Q[FOBLI5(!O=<5960T:8^Z6'G
ME*Y%L0B(K90OF(;[U6J@3]Y[:;6H5G5%!8]Y..8!=M-#V0G$L?P%S(]_XFJ
W%7*#Y]4/@QK

SWHFP



MLI%IS)X&]RIPRD'



MW(QAU@)$XHI=7(_=

@'3

ACZ( +
M71 BK&15V@ZD@WRV-V98 T\'W.P:0;]JYG7[ *DAK][F6F&K0
N^]VX7R7]

Y$AAA B#=


83_ #X]FY

WEK)B38__'2F
M$OL..2(J^0AL599X)4D0TS)



MQ8+[N6+/'N FWK^2906;#X0L';2(./)'D+IH3)[(%
XWE4]*+*][7OGP:2
XO;ZD' E F#3MBZVU^YCZ(DT; +ZYD$6Q<J?LA6\69*

M8!ZQ0E33Y5


GT4R#7B;]H[/30:L.CG70V2I7@UMSZH%


J]14!]RE_#MW]9XR'!^Y




M:&(52=6[M7EG($=7




1J.3/O(Q&D
XQM44F

A&
KQ2[F
@
 $P(3
MY(JP_RU);)5U2










M4@9C+AJ@^JMY
)Y=D6?J25C=KQ07:^/G
)@79
I
$OU.0'!N7A;4U!13Y(T3


)O'/G;?U'Z
MDA7JJ
;Q3



+









M^J

JD$J6FBBBLU.&S^U#11L2MB\H2O8:**RU1VRT1%.D (


M
A$')\?'/6230TN@6J;B&HTE:S%$WNPN0R]-X4!%H_D%-J2R#9.)6[O?FB8%


]SCI\TB/^0#0L/F7;





MF[T[23YW0C#7^:01WN.LLMC2$15C]$(=)ZRDU:1WM'F7VP+S%D:+;-RJ9:EE


TCYRQ+Q4C)KV:%\8


OQ*/P#FYP;@;P(6*= $A9

M6H_BU
I=M!X=2Z#






23


MT#$F]3J@ G/EP+#+(I]T(UPM-S



*]7H.V OW@3IU OO



MEFP[2/^\A%$'&?V3?+\7M0+)N.*RU=WNY5 $_HBC-K&\J1(TGI7\E+#6Y0NM





!D-6^$\
'E?R/7[[0PHLD*7J]#$&BK/&5-4 K4
MIEU^LTU]V7+MS/'K*@W:;7%1!((HBK(J[TQJ] :B;)=/K2Y$@;:TRL.V6VM#
M?S51M 01M<J7I@5'P'BK@N.^DN^E,/<DCN/4U*Z+-17 =.N0(BM\

MD@

42! C1WXCGU0JH(#&__

MJ:D.^





MRWRAS%4VX4AX?_^Y;
*1*QY)X;12C=[M* R-3=X@ L.@-Q.@X_1I40P\80



M$[28#$?]
^P

#I#

6Q=B0#
@JI
^IG

MWM%QOTVW=


M3[#+N.K$71MMRV_[-B5G\%Z1K@9@^(I4V IX&;3H&2F
%OT=J4J6FD:FI *5





M5GE2'D@17'_O)5DY;WYZL2S_BR)'N'XGL*
?'YVY]KJU.AT;(&MWDN(R+&4.


M&L9+0AY)\A9








M\-(SRJB/?:SH(3O %8+4/$/TL'/H'_0

T1
N6=TZ0QPCN?K%

MY(5$:?!&[N(4Z5:$%DN#;5SC.++U(7#2;]7=1A_Y;H
K/LVC1_]375_T75G4


*_7J;.M6)9:3ZSEXY!8
MF?J-@;!-@M]66)Y8V6Z-1:IIC8I3X7;1&G4MWVTA?AUK5)SHMEO6*%;66;'4








]OUD
M@!3**:5%R*  @(#&5CFD+N-H2FB]68KB(4C_U')$25I-L-)*[&T[5H$5!*:T


/W)FA&'\W8/)E+):F21Y(^F%%]*_DJP;6NTGP[;=L&P3S5]-


M]S:ZC*
BG=@?0?:R/F'?!=YS$ ;94JHR1CU-3KKDRFHB!$&ZGU;%/PKMI]^2
M.*7G\R#V=V53QSB5=#?!RC^
A\EGIN40#Q(TF


FQF1Q?]+AR


B_2JOS/^#D]GV;C&7QS^D!HMA48XFUT0WR:
MP_[ZG2Y%\+F0[SI=











11


[QLEHB54 L12U

X4Z7%J4(Q@04MF#RPKU=




CG_[B6^QDEQZSL&ODTN./[P

M4I4KA^ (ND\AV(J'0=+'V\@GLR *


MY'-Q73(%\0T:: 71*X?Q'MHP2FE*Z

1

TIO)20M)L-1

MS4W6FGON_PM

F




M##IF




$ ==K@=3

NPEJ@LE4;L







MC]BK'S





#]_T+F-%)X(4I !W/'H:Y$T:TZYN
R;#1W<,.?
U;F]#-Z&UYB./






E?YQ\5G
MW5:%4@NU5.8RUV\


MHW%-D7\3O-



M=-2F8L@GPR.L5^\*$0IN-_CC;W?YXPLOI


MR




MP9YV^T((0\2LMTIV)
[:6DIA:(E
M
W^00G\LJX0N5(%&/O:L


M

A.NG.GQ


M31T/W!8

^12C0

M\B68+E_:8#J04%R Y?MLGI&2;D')C3$ZS(M1HW-%[$#F05+$.^C6 D)
WN


2M



LRJ9AVQ02)



MQ#^'K=&;DZN5^C^ =MZ39$H
GH2KNYH

MF[;^1YIRP2B-A'9OD\%PU

MWQU68;9@[S&'DF




M4)!.PSC-$YVP:J-^)H/1Z&34HAR5



AGT+-7

M!EV72\%^HH&V [Z1VVAUJ]QXAS'LJ1B8U'6\EVF+L!V1_(H4!ON-C5Z8W)$
MOHVNRWTM39)*H=VA0T^)YQ.*2KW=['[*)(#L86C'%\7A# M!0UA;BXVKCN=
!?
%%DRE

%\'8CZ?5'!E=!(N?2;?E(MB&-P7[ 72]65K%T-G;6XZQ8U;#


M+1Y[I\6FJ)BQ@A9





M#-*UJJ5D^K=Y_ 9'GX!I&?QA5[G@KR9W9.Z%UV 49$N!DYGS%8!%NFU2R'^;
M+.'(+05]'9 FAD#H[MW]!& B.7&%

M:%0PX]DEC#?('
I.
Z

MHO.A 




M#JH











M(K@A
'0OK







M(:5A_+_E:=%)JJFYX?=[D8[E^^6-

MU$:

\2@C#H(_HL


;$@6XI*SO2IWD%EZ\;)SIUYT]1?@[X;






MUCNZ+L+_


M$ 2*&
9]






M=53AF@BD$Y4\!7)YV!0VW1+

*6&)RN# W]U%RR3%GM9P^_
M!EPX\6QJ#\K97Q-XTI=5M%:%CUBJH%]6_3B=\W&8:;

1/($(


I2%C2!=08QQ-:2*2S%UH6J

MOY


B0$Q0:\UM'
M33B8;94DLZ

M%8YO4?I*IL$LD%Q










R()
LR4.4##$DK
(60MP%M_OCT*[']2'AEGDF(WKUB




MQ!#K

N?_7GX'I(]\&;S7

8+4GLZY7(@0Z;


MXR4A5T%IMJ6''&Q?BD3^AUFC+0V#DO^#QLDV:

%6!%BE?
MO/=@D2^DM&Q]


M5SSO4Z[EPO.38-.RUSN(&#GOSWZW/-N2LI5'P-(+TMH2$U=4MM MB
J)]R
6
:8X69-)_^AX<(KYLLP*454%T )M*Z&
MU7(3JT3[NNR*/J?GP7X?,\I_3\PJ =O*'V555K@#.2?+&FD4;:\C=Y(6KQV

B1.Z*%










M_=X^=)/S

0P&SHH]


B\.V)T?\-
ZW+G[*AYP+W;\E14G5GDG($TMAZW%
F3GMI6M@$#Q[?<
6L3@Q*1E4IO[.B@]1FP !VU!0^GF $'5PN;8^
MLR(HB-M09J;*S^.WVT0/+=TA8'NX5KT/$*8NX-.^H5H/-
0M.U5 H31$#S'/


MVEX=0
33.U4YNZHTBVL2V6+72^SQ4PI&:W@ED-+_KKXVW!!G/H[$W637U%DP



I9ZUV.4MZQRHQ9;.6FV0





MAM4Q_V


MV%=E3=(
Z1#\3I H]5+CA\T&I]31M.8]L21*E8]4'B7NYK$5CQQWM







M+^S3+[)H\7T ';& P0;U2-=4'V#'4GQQ\(5:#%8?AUFG0:WO?R'& 54=-13S
MLI2-432U35;K_GBQUM\=X(_66KN_YVI]GDK;H7^DU@O
MI$$A,J73,JT'!0B_,@]6?&LP=+S8N)[+9[N\^KZN#VC=#V@1YV9*.X*!?:2%
M_(H3??K5/+'H3)'L/AT0)]:@MO47
(Z:I8*[C696T;W?:&S#!N/A19*)-FS

!(@/K%P-\A?O:?^8WLA#.
;


M6Z7*Z Z*/)!7C\
PWFQ/BPRY:N

/3#Z W&*WZZ&?Q?X;I
MQ*8Z9/67 (/4&UBZTSWKPEF7(JFI+9?Q9N
$[Y/E+F.QN(NC.&!CSXN=M71#


MD+V?Q#_$JGJ237T#L-:#2
$ K5S:



]K6H?P\X+L'6^Y)&XXFQK;2F


MV
[&9?*!0'@/]
&$804#E/M;_OMSM94E^S-9V0C&MFJG%X8PFCSG_8F]QL'\



2W&\L

[6QA'846]1A$DX
V]!CH[





4Y\KKOC(:82JS(R5
MYP


M[


M
OY1VE#2; _AND^





MWYPUWX:KC)7+;N.'TYY05TY7
%=

M&P!
XM!T*9YEQO0BQ_$C


AXNE%P]

(M(AF&1
MRP'D3QL^O5!V=CMG]Q

38@6+*87:1MDZ^(=6


MP_O399^D'*EO!)N)-WF9LJ9K$Z*+Z)0RL@5EK\Y;5P8/=X_*AB(^TZF#WVLM









/9 *+(HD2/E%D-T)\ITHC*KI4
M'HSA&(*%P7OZHO'&CZO
KA0/GET
+T_:=_(=R;FQ7BCI0[W9_87S%@M+C=


M9X$_\9@HTH;X5CTO VR[&(

M?CF;) 5D!GHBQFD

G\/N29Q/8_78J_N]J+)#X HV?H+:R2^&'HB(Q&TI+O


.$;
M2K[YWFK*@@W

Q.D[=4A4'JPM8&#HU E6



#D9Q:-_23.1

%UP%QA*'Z$KRDR4;M0RI

M_F+ @7A-C'&#
MPH32@FQSB.3;L_K'BL(^-&RJLS<H
3B%ZMS(1UC
MB]V!L@JVL3









CO?/@M@[%S^P_+\/(/$I^J^



:P8[@ X^?;O



M]RVZ9










?JL*]R6/ 4$)%B 1[9PP-HU<4FU19IL)N8V^QZ/

M5EF2?1




M[CPA?__W\(%%D^74^27Q*:I/ F:)2_?:]%Q:%*MJY%MQ!+ 


MWT9

![]0/PA
M4Y(T.0JVQ)!0RW= GT:]UZ*! :%&Z/I0Q;CZPK '_:K*/EL;
Y*5X:V7F?NV

*5GAB$HA7YZ:+
6H44=0



TJO6:/F
V

M_\EK X7@OD_ 0?#&0HUB;'H/ +RHMGW9:)EEC.W!:E9NKE+]K7
[8$6TG[0
MIV6\(FTGZ:*O

MO.\AVJ*BW+*AN!
0(E;?ER7=R

W)=U3A]NP
MIGEM%(59#8;(4EEG@. 4R7^;4S2*]AL2T5%JR4-ZHK9\U_*CU?W]X/@'4@


MAK6\IWP\ D#K0'S(@J


@I

M2O
V6
J*VJE8G5JUW7N[U
!CX+^Y7-QV$[.I?YT([MRW[0[5R?)P%RH_HG[[

M]@_LHUH+%



M[ZDFP.J;$Y1:U!](J2SV! 
KZ]H;1NP0WUSGA[MVH_?MB0OA36%LP/01 K8A


 B+5HS



M?788;+-.3HA2DF7[XU-K:M+6M5@U[P]:=;YM=65;4^RD'3(R!TP)6E_7$^P
M5MP72\VR%==;[
B7V-WD90(:L%@S*6ID^6VOULD2\543Z:2[I9\8M(UMC^C
M(W&:JI;;*K*GNW'[-V[%#R=D__M?4$L! A0#%     @ ?8-34$+QR)&:_ (
MPZ\W  \              ( !     &0X-C W-#1D
3!K+FAT;5!+ 0(4 Q0

M9&5X
C$U+FAT;5!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'V#4UW$_)$MP(  -@'   1
M        7X  P!D.#8P-S0T9&5X
C

S$Q+FAT

@   1                00+
M P!D.#8P-S0T9&5X,S$R+FAT;5!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'V#4UTT'UN:00   P-
M   1                9(2 P!D.#8P-S0T9&5X,S(Q+FAT;5!+ 0(4 Q0
M   ( 'V#4U#$.YT(5@0  .T,   1                2H7 P!D.#8P-S0T
M9&5X
S(R+FAT;5!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'V#4U!%(B%
%P@  )(D   0
M        :\; P!D.#8P-S0T9&5X-#(N:'1M4$L! A0#%     @ ?8-34&6P
M2CJGV0  OS4! !$              ( !]

S@N:G!G


3DQ
C(X7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4


4

 'defref_srt_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=26 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'

<td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_LeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfGrossValueAndAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssets'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 8pt; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_LesseeLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 rowspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 rowspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'

<td colspan=30 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableValueAssigned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_BusinessCombinationFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
 <div style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=30 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CustomerTransactionsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ExciseTaxesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShippingsAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NewAccountingPronouncementsNotYetAdoptedPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedCompensationCostNonvestedAwardsTableTextBlock'

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTreasuryStockByClassTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationAssetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_BusinessCombinationFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableValueAssigned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=sam_RestrictedCommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=sam_RestrictedCommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableValueAssigned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_SharesHeldUnderEscrowDeposit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_SharesHeldUnderEscrowDepositMarketValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalTaxRateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsEmployeeStockOwnershipPlanDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseMealsAndEntertainment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInAccountingMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_QuarterlyFinancialInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectToRetainedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOnRetainedEarningsNetOfTax1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectToRetainedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentAnnualReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentTransitionReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CityAreaCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LocalPhoneNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_SecurityExchangeName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_Security12bTitle'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RightOfUseAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OperatingLeasesCurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OperatingLeasesLiabilitiesNonCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=sam_OperatingRightOfUseAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RightOfUseAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RightOfUseAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=sam_CurrentOperatingLeaseLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OperatingLeasesCurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=sam_AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OperatingLeasesCurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=sam_NonCurrentOperatingLeaseLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OperatingLeasesLiabilitiesNonCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OperatingLeasesLiabilitiesNonCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_InventoryCurrentAndNoncurrentNet'

&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 18pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Accounting Pronouncements Recently &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Adopted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0px;margin-top:6pt&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;2014-09, &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; (Topic 606). ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2014-09&lt;/div&gt; supersedes virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this standard, an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such, an entity needs to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the previous guidance. On December&#160;31, 2017, the Company adopted the new accounting standard and all related amendments using the modified retrospective method which allows application only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;effect adjustment to retained earnings. In accordance with the new accounting standard, the majority of the Company&#x2019;s revenue continues to be recognized at the time its products are shipped. Upon adoption, the Company began recognition of certain variable customer promotional discount programs earlier than it had under the previous revenue guidance which resulted in a $1.0&#160;million, net of tax, cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings in the first quarter of 2018. In the fourth quarter of 2019, a tax provision adjustment resulted in a $0.3&#160;million adjustment to retained earnings. The Company considers the impact of the adoption to be immaterial to its consolidated financial statements on an ongoing basis. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;2016-02, &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Leases (Topic 842)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;. The guidance requires lessees to recognize &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;right-of-use&lt;/div&gt; (&#x201c;ROU&#x201d;) assets and lease liabilities on their balance sheets for the rights and obligations created by all leases with terms of more than 12 months. Under ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-02,&lt;/div&gt; lessees are permitted to use a modified retrospective approach, which requires an entity to recognize and measure leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented for the year beginning December&#160;30, 2018, with early adoption permitted. In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU No.&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;2018-11, &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Leases (Topic 842)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;, permitting the use of an alternative modified retrospective approach that would result in an entity recognizing a lease liability and ROU asset as of the effective date of the requirements, with all comparative periods presented and disclosed, in accordance with the requirements under ASC 840, Leases, changing the date of initial application to the beginning of the period of adoption. On December&#160;30, 2018, the Company adopted the new accounting standard using the alternative modified retrospective approach, applying ASC 840 to all comparative periods, including disclosures. Upon adoption, the Company recognized ROU assets o&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;f &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;27.0&#160;million and lease liabilities of $31.5&#160;million&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;, with the difference of $&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;4.5&lt;/div&gt; million &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;due to a reduction to the gross ROU asset for the Company&#x2019;s existing obligation associated with deferred rent and lease incentives. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;2016-09, &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;. ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-09&lt;/div&gt; is part of the FASB&#x2019;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance impacted several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including accounting for income taxes and forfeitures, as well as classification in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Under ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-09,&lt;/div&gt; excess tax benefits and deficiencies as a result of stock option exercises and restricted stock vesting are to be recognized as discrete items within income tax expense or benefit in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income in the reporting period in which they occur. Additionally, under ASU &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2016-09,&lt;/div&gt; excess tax benefits and deficiencies should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company adopted this new accounting standard prospectively in the first quarter of 2017. Prior periods have not been adjusted. Under this new accounting standard, for the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;fifty-two&lt;/div&gt; weeks ended December&#160;28, 2019, December&#160;29, 2018 and December&#160;30, 2017, $4.6&#160;million, $4.2&#160;million and $4.4&#160;million, respectively, in excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation arrangements was recognized within the income tax provision in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and classified as an operating activity in the consolidated statement of cash flows. The Company &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;conti&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;nued to&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#160;maintain the current forfeiture policy to estimate forfeitures expected to occur to determine stock-based compensation expense.&lt;/div&gt;  &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;

&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;C. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Dogfish Head Brewery Transaction&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;On May&#160;8, 2019, the Company entered into definitive agreements to acquire Dogfish Head Brewery (&#x201c;Dogfish Head&#x201d;) and various related operations (the &#x201c;Transaction&#x201d;), through the acquisition of all of the equity interests held by certain private entities in &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Off-Centered&lt;/div&gt; Way LLC, the parent holding company of the Dogfish Head operations. In accordance with these agreements, the Company made a payment of $158.4&#160;million, which was placed in escrow pending the satisfaction of certain closing conditions. The Transaction closed on July&#160;3, 2019, for total consideration of $336.0&#160;million consisting of $173.0&#160;million in cash and 429,291 shares of restricted Class&#160;A Common Stock that had an aggregate market value as of July&#160;3, 2019 of $163.0&#160;million, after taking into account a post-closing cash related adjustment. As required under the definitive agreements, 127,146 of the 429,291 shares of restricted Class&#160;A Stock have been placed in escrow and will be&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;released no later than July&#160;3, 2029.&#160;These shares had a market value on July&#160;3, 2019 of $48.3&#160;million. The timing of the release of these escrowed shares is primarily related to the continued employment with the Company of Samuel A. Calagione III, one of the two Dogfish Head founders.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;The fair value of the Transaction is estimated at approximately $&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;317.7&lt;/div&gt;&#160;million. The Company estimates that transaction-related and other &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-recurring&lt;/div&gt; costs incurred&#160;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;and&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Total&#160;(In&#160;Thousands) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0


 0

 238

 238
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table summarizes the acquisition date fair value of the tangible assets, intangible assets, liabilities assumed, and related goodwill acquired from Dogfish Head, as well as the allocation of purchase price paid: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 68%; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 71%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 18%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Total&#160;(In&#160;Thousands) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 60%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 3%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 3%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238
&lt;div style=margin: 0px auto; width: 8.5in; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;D. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Inventories&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Inventories consisted of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 66%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Inventories consisted of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 66%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=margin: 0px auto; width: 8.5in; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;E. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 65%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 11%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238

 238
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 11%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 11%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 65%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 11%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 11%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 65%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 11%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 65%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 11%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238

 238
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 11%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 11%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 65%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 11%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 11%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 65%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 11%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;F. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 65%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt; 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;59,027&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;22,160&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 65%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt; 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;59,027&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;22,160&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;G.&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;Leases &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;The Co&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;m&lt;/div&gt;pany has various lease agreements in place for facilities and equipment. Terms of these leases include, in some instances, scheduled rent increases, renewals, purchase options and maintenance costs, and vary by lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through 2031. As the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on information available at commencement to determine the present value of the lease payments. Based on the present value of the lease payments for the remaining lease term of the Company&#x2019;s existing leases, the Company recognized ROU assets of $27.0&#160;million and lease liabilities of $31.5&#160;million upon adoption of ASU No.&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;2016-02&lt;/div&gt; on December&#160;30, 2018. ROU assets and lease liabilities commencing after December&#160;30, 2018 are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less (&#x201c;short-term leases&#x201d;) are not recorded on the balance sheet and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As of December&#160;28, 2019, total ROU assets and lease liabilities were as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 42%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 38%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid;font-size:8pt;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;vertical-align:bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt&gt;Classification&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&#160;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;vertical-align:bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt&gt;Leases&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;font-weight:bold;padding-right:2pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Righ&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;t-of-use assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(in&#160;thousands) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background-image: none; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Operating&lt;br/&gt; Leases &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.7pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 rowspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Operating&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;Leases &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
As of December&#160;28, 2019, total ROU assets and lease liabilities were as follows:
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 42%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 38%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid;font-size:8pt;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;vertical-align:bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt&gt;Classification&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;&gt;&#160;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;vertical-align:bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt&gt;Leases&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;font-weight:bold;padding-right:2pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Righ&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;t-of-use assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(in&#160;thousands) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background-image: none; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The gross value and accumulated depreciation of ROU assets &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;related t&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;o finance leases &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;as of December&#160;28, 2019 were as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-top: 0pt;margin-bottom: 0px;width: 68%;font-size: 10pt;border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Components of leas&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;e&lt;/div&gt;&#160;cost for the fiscal year-ended are as &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;follows&lt;/div&gt;: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 68%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 8pt; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 8pt; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Maturities of lease liabilities as of December&#160;28, 2019 are as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 92%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 40%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 11%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 11%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.7pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.7pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 rowspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Operating&lt;br/&gt; Leases &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.7pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 rowspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Operating&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;Leases &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;H.&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;Goodwill and Intangible Assets &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;The change in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets during the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;fifty-two&lt;/div&gt; weeks ended December&#160;28, 2019 and December&#160;29, 2018 were as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 65%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; text-align: center; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(&lt;/div&gt;in thousands)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;As of December&#160;28, 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 0

 0

 0

 0

 Times

 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times

 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; text-align: center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;in thou&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;sands)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times

 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; text-align: center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;(&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;in thou&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;sands)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); display: inline-block; font-size: 8pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Fiscal Year &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;The change in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets during the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;fifty-two&lt;/div&gt; weeks ended December&#160;28, 2019 and December&#160;29, 2018 were as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 65%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; text-align: center; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(&lt;/div&gt;in thousands)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company&#x2019;s intangible assets as of December&#160;28, 2019 and December&#160;29, 2018 were as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 21%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;As of December&#160;28, 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 0

 0

 0

 0

 Times

 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times

 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; text-align: center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;in thou&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;sands)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times

 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; text-align: center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;(&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;in thou&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;sands)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; line-height: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
The Company expects to record amortization expense as follows over the five subsequent years:
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 68%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 87%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 0pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); display: inline-block; font-size: 8pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Fiscal Year &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;width:100%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238
&lt;div style=margin: 0px auto; width: 8.5in; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin: 18pt auto 0in 0px; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;I. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Accrued expenses and other &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;c&lt;/div&gt;urrent liabilities consisted of the fol&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;l&lt;/div&gt;owing: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=margin: 0px auto; width: 8.5in; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-top: 0pt;margin-bottom: 0px;width: 76%;font-size: 10pt;border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 66%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt; 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 66%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 66%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Accrued expenses and other &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;c&lt;/div&gt;urrent liabilities consisted of the fol&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;l&lt;/div&gt;owing: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=margin: 0px auto; width: 8.5in; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-top: 0pt;margin-bottom: 0px;width: 76%;font-size: 10pt;border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 66%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt; 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 66%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 66%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); width: 10%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;K. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Income &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0px;margin-top:6pt&gt;Significant components of the provision for income taxes are as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 84%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 66%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; line-height: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; line-height: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;2018 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2017 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 serif; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;margin-bottom:0px;margin-top:6pt&gt;Significant components of the provision for income taxes are as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 84%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 66%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; line-height: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; line-height: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;2018 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company&#x2019;s reconciliations to statutory rates are as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 84%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 77%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2017 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Significant components of the Company&#x2019;s defer&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;r&lt;/div&gt;ed tax assets and liabilities are as follows at: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-top: 0pt;margin-bottom: 0px;width: 76%;font-size: 10pt;border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;29, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 serif; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 1em; margin-bottom: 0em; background: none;/&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 80%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 6%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;L. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Contractual Obligations &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;As of December&#160;28, 2019, projected cash outflows under &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-cancelable&lt;/div&gt; contractual obligations for the remaining years under the contracts are as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 43%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=26 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Total &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2020 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2021 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2022 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2023 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2024 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238



 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;As of December&#160;28, 2019, projected cash outflows under &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-cancelable&lt;/div&gt; contractual obligations for the remaining years under the contracts are as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 43%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=26 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Total &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2020 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2021 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2022 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2023 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2024 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238



 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;N. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Common &lt;/div&gt;Stock and Share-Based &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Class&#160;A Common Stock &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Class&#160;A Common Stock has no voting rights, except (1)&#160;as required by law, (2)&#160;for the election of Class&#160;A Directors, and (3)&#160;that the approval of the holders of the Class&#160;A Common Stock is required for (a)&#160;certain future authorizations or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to Class&#160;A Common Stock, (b)&#160;certain alterations of rights or terms of the Class&#160;A or Class&#160;B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of Organization of the Company, (c)&#160;other amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company, (d)&#160;certain mergers or consolidations with, or acquisitions of, other entities, and (e)&#160;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#x2019;s assets. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Class&#160;B Common Stock &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Class&#160;B Common Stock has full voting rights, including the right to (1)&#160;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors and (2)&#160;approve all (a)&#160;amendments to the Company&#x2019;s Articles of Organization, (b)&#160;mergers or consolidations with, or acquisitions of, other entities, (c)&#160;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#x2019;s assets, and (d)&#160;equity-based and other executive compensation and other significant corporate matters. The Company&#x2019;s Class&#160;B Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class&#160;B Common Stock is freely convertible into one share of Class&#160;A Common Stock, upon request of any Class&#160;B holder, and participates equally in earnings. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;All distributions with respect to the Company&#x2019;s capital stock are restricted by the Company&#x2019;s credit agreement, with the exception of distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company, Inc. and &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Boston Beer Corporation, repurchase from former employees of &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-vested&lt;/div&gt; investment shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock issued under the Company&#x2019;s equity incentive plan, redemption of certain shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash dividends to its holders of common stock. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Employee Stock Compensation Plan &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company&#x2019;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the &#x201c;Equity Plan&#x201d;) currently provides for the grant of discretionary options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units to employees, and provides for shares to be sold to employees of the Company at a discounted purchase price under its investment share program. The Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the Company, based on recommendations received from the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee consists of three independent directors. In determining the quantities and types of awards for grant, the Compensation Committee periodically reviews the objectives of the Company&#x2019;s compensation system and takes into account the position and responsibilities of the employee being considered, the nature and value to the Company of his or her service and accomplishments, his or her present and potential contributions to the success of the Company, the value of the type of awards to the employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems relevant.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Stock options and related vesting requirements and terms are granted at the Board of Directors&#x2019; discretion, but generally vest ratably over &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:hidden10812297&gt;three&lt;/span&gt; to &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:hidden10812298&gt;five&lt;/span&gt;-year periods and, with respect to certain options granted to members of senior management, based on the Company&#x2019;s performance. Generally, the maximum contractual term of stock options is ten years, although the Board of Directors may grant options that exceed the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;ten-year&lt;/div&gt; term. During fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017, the Company granted options to purchase 26,507 shares, 27,490 shares, 5,185 shares, respectively, of its Class&#160;A Common Stock to employees at market price on the grant dates. Of the shares granted in 2019, 14,680 shares related to performance-based stock options and 11,827 shares related to service-based stock options. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;In December 2018, the Employee Equity Incentive Plan was amended to permit the grant of restricted stock units. Previously, the Company granted restricted stock awards. Restricted stock units are also granted at the Board of Directors&#x2019; discretion. During fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017, the Company granted 22,509 shares, 83,561 shares, and 15,800 shares, respectively, of restricted stock units or awards to certain senior managers and key employees, all of which are service-based and vest ratably over service periods of &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:hidden10812296&gt;one&lt;/span&gt; to five years.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Equity Plan also has an investment share program which permits employees who have been with the Company for at least one year to purchase shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock at a discount from current market value of 0% to 40%, based on the employee&#x2019;s tenure with the Company. Investment shares vest ratably over service periods of five years. Participants may pay for these shares either up front or through payroll deductions over an eleven-month period during the year of purchase. During fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017, employees elected to purchase an aggregate of 7,901 investment shares, 9,214 investment shares, and 10,146 investment shares, respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company has reserved 6.7&#160;million shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Equity Plan, of which 1.1&#160;million shares were available for grant as of December&#160;28, 2019. Shares reserved for issuance under cancelled employee stock options and forfeited restricted stock are returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases. The Company also purchases unvested investment shares from employees who have left the Company at the lesser of (i)&#160;the price paid for the shares when the employee acquired the shares or (ii)&#160;the fair market value of the shares as of the date next preceding the date on which the shares are called for redemption by the Company. These shares are also returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Non-Employee&lt;/div&gt; Director Options &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;The Company has a stock option plan for &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-employee&lt;/div&gt; directors of the Company (the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#x201c;Non-Employee&lt;/div&gt; Director Plan&#x201d;), pursuant to which each &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-employee&lt;/div&gt; director of the Company is granted an option to purchase shares of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;the Company&#x2019;s Class&#160;A Common Stock upon election or &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;re-election&lt;/div&gt; to the Board of Directors. Stock options issued to &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-employee&lt;/div&gt; directors vest upon grant and have a maximum contractual term of &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;ten years&lt;/div&gt;. During fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017 the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 4,779 shares, 5,080 shares, and 10,188 shares of the Company&#x2019;s Class&#160;A Common Stock to &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-employee&lt;/div&gt; directors, respectively.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px; line-height: 12pt;&gt;The Company has reserved 0.6&#160;million shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Non-Employee&lt;/div&gt; Director Plan, of which 0.1&#160;million shares were available for grant as of December&#160;28, 2019. Shares under any cancelled &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-employee&lt;/div&gt; directors&#x2019; stock options or options that expire unexercised are returned to the reserve under the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Non-Employee&lt;/div&gt; Director Plan for future grants.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Option Activity &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px; line-height: 12pt;&gt;Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Non-Employee&lt;/div&gt; Director Plan is summarized as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 92%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 45%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; line-height: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; line-height: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;2018 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; line-height: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;2017 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt; Average&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;Fair&lt;br/&gt; Value &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Number of&lt;br/&gt; Shares &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px; line-height: 12pt;&gt;Information related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Non-Employee&lt;/div&gt; Director Plan is summarized as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 92%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 45%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table provides information regarding stock-based compensation expense included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 84%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 66%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; line-height: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; line-height: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;2018 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock options on the date of grants are as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 84%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 57%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 6%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 8pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; line-height: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;2017 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238
The following table summarizes the estimated future annual stock-based compensation expense related to share-based arrangements existing as of &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Decemb&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;er 28, 2019 that are ex&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;pected&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#160;to vest (in thousands):
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 68%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 84%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 12pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued under the investment share program and restricted stock awards: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 69%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt; Average&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;Fair&lt;br/&gt; Value &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
As of December&#160;28, 2019, the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 13.8&#160;million shares of its Class&#160;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $840.7&#160;million as follows:
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 64%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Number of&lt;br/&gt; Shares &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;O. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Employee Retirement Plans and Post-Retirement Medical &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Benefits&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0.0001pt; line-height: 12pt; font-family: Calibri
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Local 1199 Pension Plan &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt; 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;29,&lt;br/&gt; 2018 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt; 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); display: inline-block; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Asset Category &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;29,&lt;br/&gt; 2018 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The funded status of the Local 1199 Pension Plan and the Retiree Medical Plan are as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 92%; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 45%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Local 1199 Pension Plan &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt; 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;29,&lt;br/&gt; 2018 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt; 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;The Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s weighted&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;average asset allocations at the measurement dates by asset category are as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 76%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 65%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); display: inline-block; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Asset Category &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;29,&lt;br/&gt; 2018 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;P. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Net Income per Share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Net Income per Common Share &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&#160;Basic &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income per share using the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;two-class&lt;/div&gt; method:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 84%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 53%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt; 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;29,&lt;br/&gt; 2018 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Earnings to&lt;br/&gt; Common&lt;br/&gt; Shareholders &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Common&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;Shares &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;EPS &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); text-align: center; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 serif; font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(in thousands, except per&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;share&#160;data) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px; width: 84%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1pt;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 255
 255
 0);;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Earnings to&lt;br/&gt; Common&lt;br/&gt; Shareholders &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Common Shares &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;EPS &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); text-align: center; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 serif; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(in thousands, except per&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;share&#160;data) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px; width: 84%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1pt;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 255
 255
 0);;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Earnings to&lt;br/&gt; Common&lt;br/&gt; Shareholders &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Common Shares &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;EPS &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); text-align: center; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 serif; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(in thousands, except per&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;share&#160;data) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income per share using the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;two-class&lt;/div&gt; method:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 84%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 53%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;28,&lt;br/&gt; 2019 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;December&#160;29,&lt;br/&gt; 2018 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net income per share, assuming the conversion of all Class&#160;B Common Stock into Class&#160;A Common Stock and using the &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;two-class&lt;/div&gt; method for unvested participating shares:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin-top: 0pt;margin-bottom: 0px;width: 84%;font-size: 10pt;border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 57%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 8%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Earnings to&lt;br/&gt; Common&lt;br/&gt; Shareholders &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Common&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;Shares &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;EPS &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); text-align: center; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 serif; font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(in thousands, except per&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;share&#160;data) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px; width: 84%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1pt;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 255
 255
 0);;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Earnings to&lt;br/&gt; Common&lt;br/&gt; Shareholders &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Common Shares &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;EPS &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); text-align: center; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 serif; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(in thousands, except per&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;share&#160;data) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt; font-size: 10pt; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0px; width: 84%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;;margin : 0px auto;;margin-left : auto;margin-right : auto;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1pt;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 255
 255
 0);;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Earnings to&lt;br/&gt; Common&lt;br/&gt; Shareholders &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Common Shares &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;EPS &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); text-align: center; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 serif; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(in thousands, except per&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;share&#160;data) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=line-height: 8.5pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-top: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 0.75pt solid black;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 2.5pt double black; line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); line-height: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

 255
 255

&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Q. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Accumulated Other Comprehensive &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss represents amounts of unrecognized actuarial gains or losses related to the Company sponsored defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement medical plan, net of tax effect, and cumulative currency translation adjustments. Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent actuarial losses or gains, net of tax effect, recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs and currency translation adjustments due to tax rate changes in the period. The following table details the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss for 2019, 2018, and 2017 (in thousands): &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 68%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 70%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 23%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Accumulated&#160;Other&lt;br/&gt; Comprehensive&#160;(Loss)&lt;br/&gt; Income &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
The following table details the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss for 2019, 2018, and 2017 (in thousands):
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 68%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 70%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 23%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Accumulated&#160;Other&lt;br/&gt; Comprehensive&#160;(Loss)&lt;br/&gt; Income &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=margin: 0px auto; width: 8.5in; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;R. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Valuation and Qualifying Accounts&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving inventory. The Company also maintains reserves against accounts receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition, the Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer, which is included in accrued expenses.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 52%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 9pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Allowance for Doubtful Accounts &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 9pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Balance&#160;at&lt;br/&gt; Beginning&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;of&lt;br/&gt; Period &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 9pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Net&#160;Provision&lt;br/&gt; (Recovery) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 9pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Amounts&lt;br/&gt; Charged&#160;Against&lt;br/&gt; Reserves &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238
In addition, the Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer, which is included in accrued expenses.
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 52%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 9pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Allowance for Doubtful Accounts &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 9pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Balance&#160;at&lt;br/&gt; Beginning&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;of&lt;br/&gt; Period &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 9pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Net&#160;Provision&lt;br/&gt; (Recovery) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 9pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;Amounts&lt;br/&gt; Charged&#160;Against&lt;br/&gt; Reserves &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; line-height: 8pt;;font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; white-space: nowrap; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;S. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Related Party Transactions&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 18pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company has entered a lease with the Dogfish Head founders and other owners of buildings used in certain of the Company&#x2019;s restaurant operations. The lease is for ten years with renewal options. The total payments due under the initial ten year term is $3.6&#160;million. Total related party expense recognized for fiscal 2019 was approximately $183,000.&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;

&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;U. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Quarterly Results (Unaudited)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt; &lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0px;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company&#x2019;s fiscal quarters are consistently determined year to year and generally consist of 13 weeks, except in those fiscal years in which there are fifty-three weeks where the last fiscal quarters then consist of 14 weeks. In management&#x2019;s opinion, the following unaudited information includes all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the information for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 29%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=30 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 12pt auto 0px; width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 29%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; background: none;/&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=30 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0); padding-left: 0px;;width:;&gt; &lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(13 weeks) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-left: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetsAllocationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetsAllocationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetsAllocationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetsAllocationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_BrandSupportMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_HopsBarleyAndWheatMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_ApplesAndOtherIngredientsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_OtherPurchaseCommitmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAxis=sam_PerformanceBasedAwardsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedByCommonClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeAllocatedToEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionNonvested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedByCommonClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedByCommonClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesEffectOnBasicEarningsPerShareOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
<div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=10 style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td colspan=6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=10 style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td colspan=6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DebtInstrumentInterestCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_InterestCoverageRatioMinimumForCovenantCompliance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DebtToEarningsBeforeInterestTaxDepreciationAndAmortizationRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DebtToEarningsBeforeInterestTaxesDepreciationAmortizationRatioMaximumForCovenantCompliance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PaymentsOfInterestExpensesOnBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AdjustmentsInDiscountProvisionDueToCumulativeEffectOfRetainedEarningsAndDeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DeferredTaxAssetsLeaseLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesRightOfUseAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAccumulatedAmortizationOnIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareDilutedByCommonClassTextBlock'

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
<div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 57%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=10 style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td colspan=6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=10 style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td colspan=6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<div style=line-height: 8pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 0.375pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0.375pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.25pt; vertical-align: top; width: 56%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 1.25pt; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfCustomersAccountedForMoreThanTenPercentOfAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfCustomersAccountedForMoreThanTenPercentOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_InternationalSalesPercentageOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_InventoryOnHandAndInventoryUnderPurchaseCommitment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetExcludingCapitalLeasedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGrossPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DomesticSalesPercentageOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RetailSalesPercentageOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReductionInFederalExciseTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectToRetainedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReclassificationFromAociToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleCumulativeEffectOfChangeOnRightOfUseAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ReversalOfTheDeferredRentUponAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleCumulativeEffectOfChangeOnLeaseLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sam_SegmentOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=sam_KegsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetExcludingCapitalLeasedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionBySupplierAxis=sam_DistributorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToSuppliers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCostOfOperatingRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ComponentsOfOtherOperatingCostAndExpenseGeneralAxis=sam_CustomersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectFromOtherComprehensiveIncomeToRetainedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramNumberOfSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeNumberOfSharesRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeNumberOfSharesRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramAggregatePurchasePriceAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeSharesRepurchasedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeSharesRepurchasedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsEstimatedForfeitureRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeNumberOfSharesRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeSharesRepurchasedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=sam_PresidentAndChiefExecutiveOfficerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAxis=sam_PerformanceBasedAwardsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAxis=sam_PerformanceBasedAwardsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=sam_NonEmployeeDirectorStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=sam_NonEmployeeDirectorStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=sam_NonEmployeeDirectorStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_VoluntaryPayrollDeductionPeriodToPurchaseInvestmentShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEmployeeInvestmentSharesPurchase'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardDiscountFromMarketPricePurchaseDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardRequiredTenureForParticipationInPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardDiscountFromMarketPricePurchaseDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=sam_UnvestedSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ChangeInRightOfUseAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncreaseDecreaseLeaseLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessTwoNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NetProceedsFromSaleOfInvestmentShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_LeasesCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForFinanceLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DecreaseIncreaseInAccountsPayableForPurchaseOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedExpensesFromPurchaseOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_FinanceLeaseAbstractAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_Kegs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'

<td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfFiniteAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
 <div style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 0pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 0pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=26 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PercentageOfProductionVolumes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PrepaidBrewingServiceFeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PrepaidBrewingServiceFeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=sam_CityBrewingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DescriptionOfAmendment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PaymentsOfContractualObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=sam_CityBrewingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PercentageOfProductionVolumes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=sam_BarleyAndWheatMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfSuppliers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis=sam_HopsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'

 Plant and Equipment,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     shortName: Property
 Plant and Equipment,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1014 - Disclosure - Leases,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Leases,
     shortName: Leases,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1015 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssets,
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1016 - Disclosure - Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilities,
     shortName: Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1017 - Disclosure - Revolving Line of Credit,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCredit,
     shortName: Revolving Line of Credit,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1018 - Disclosure - Income Taxes,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxes,
     shortName: Income Taxes,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1019 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1002 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1020 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measures,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasures,
     shortName: Fair Value Measures,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1021 - Disclosure - Common Stock and Share-Based Compensation,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensation,
     shortName: Common Stock and Share-Based Compensation,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1022 - Disclosure -  Employee Retirement Plans and Post-Retirement Medical Benefits,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefits,
     shortName: Employee Retirement Plans and Post-Retirement Medical Benefits,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1023 - Disclosure - Net Income per Share,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShare,
     shortName: Net Income per Share,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1024 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss,
     shortName: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1025 - Disclosure - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccounts,
     shortName: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1026 - Disclosure - Related Party Transactions,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactions,
     shortName: Related Party Transactions,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1027 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SubsequentEvents,
     shortName: Subsequent Events,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1028 - Disclosure - Quarterly Results (Unaudited),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnaudited,
     shortName: Quarterly Results (Unaudited),
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:FiscalPeriod,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1029 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies,
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies),
     subGroupType: policies,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:FiscalPeriod,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1003 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsReceivableNetCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: sam:ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1030 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables,
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: sam:ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1031 - Disclosure - Dogfish Head Brewery Transaction (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionTables,
     shortName: Dogfish Head Brewery Transaction (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1032 - Disclosure - Inventories (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/InventoriesTables,
     shortName: Inventories (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       sam:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: sam:ScheduleOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1033 - Disclosure - Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTables,
     shortName: Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       sam:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: sam:ScheduleOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1034 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables,
     shortName: Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       us-gaap:LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: sam:LeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1035 - Disclosure - Leases (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesTables,
     shortName: Leases (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       us-gaap:LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: sam:LeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1036 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables,
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1037 - Disclosure - Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesTables,
     shortName: Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1038 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables,
     shortName: Income Taxes (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1039 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommonStockSharesAuthorized,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019_CommonClassAMemberusgaapStatementClassOfStockAxis,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesAuthorized,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1004 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical),
     subGroupType: parenthetical,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommonStockSharesAuthorized,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019_CommonClassAMemberusgaapStatementClassOfStockAxis,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesAuthorized,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1040 - Disclosure - Common Stock and Share-Based Compensation (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationTables,
     shortName: Common Stock and Share-Based Compensation (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1041 - Disclosure - Employee Retirement Plans and Post-Retirement Medical Benefits (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefitsTables,
     shortName: Employee Retirement Plans and Post-Retirement Medical Benefits (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1042 - Disclosure - Net Income per Share (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareTables,
     shortName: Net Income per Share (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1043 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables,
     shortName: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: sam:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1044 - Disclosure - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsTables,
     shortName: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: sam:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1045 - Disclosure - Quarterly Results (Unaudited) (Tables),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnauditedTables,
     shortName: Quarterly Results (Unaudited) (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1046 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy,
       us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: 0,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019_KegsMemberusgaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1047 - Disclosure - Estimated Useful Lives (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
     shortName: Estimated Useful Lives (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019_KegsMemberusgaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1048 - Disclosure - Dogfish Head Brewery Transaction - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Dogfish Head Brewery Transaction - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       us-gaap:BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P07_03_2019To07_03_2019_DogfishHeadBreweryMemberdeiLegalEntityAxis,
      decimals: -5,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1049 - Disclosure - Dogfish Head Brewery Transaction - Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail,
     shortName: Dogfish Head Brewery Transaction - Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn07_03_2019_DogfishHeadBreweryMemberusgaapBusinessAcquisitionAxis,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_31_2016,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1005 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_31_2016_CommonClassAMemberusgaapStatementClassOfStockAxis_CommonStockMemberusgaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019_LineOfCreditMemberusgaapLongtermDebtTypeAxis,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1050 - Disclosure - Dogfish Head Brewery Transaction - Unaudited proforma information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail,
     shortName: Dogfish Head Brewery Transaction - Unaudited proforma information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019_LineOfCreditMemberusgaapLongtermDebtTypeAxis,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1051 - Disclosure - Components of Inventories (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail,
     shortName: Components of Inventories (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       sam:ScheduleOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock,
       sam:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:PrepaidBrewingServiceFeesCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1052 - Disclosure - Summary of Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       sam:ScheduleOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock,
       sam:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PrepaidAdvertising,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:MachineryAndEquipmentGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1053 - Disclosure - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:MachineryAndEquipmentGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Depreciation,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1054 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Property
 Plant and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Depreciation,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1055 - Disclosure - Leases - ROU assets and lease liabilities (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail,
     shortName: Leases - ROU assets and lease liabilities (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019_OperatingRightOfUseAssetsMemberusgaapBalanceSheetLocationAxis,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       sam:ScheduleOfGrossValueAndAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssets,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetsGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1056 - Disclosure - Leases - Gross Value of Accumulated Depreciation Of Right Of Use Assets (Details).,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesGrossValueOfAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssetsDetails,
     shortName: Leases - Gross Value of Accumulated Depreciation Of Right Of Use Assets (Details).,
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       sam:ScheduleOfGrossValueAndAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssets,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetsGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1057 - Disclosure - Leases - Components of lease cost (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseCostDetail,
     shortName: Leases - Components of lease cost (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       sam:LesseeLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1058 - Disclosure - Leases - Maturities of lease liabilities (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail,
     shortName: Leases - Maturities of lease liabilities (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       sam:LesseeLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       sam:LesseeLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseLiability,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1059 - Disclosure - Leases - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Leases - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       us-gaap:LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602MemberusgaapAdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis,
      decimals: -5,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseLiability,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1006 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical,
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical),
     subGroupType: parenthetical,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_29_2018,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1060 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Change in carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsChangeInCarryingValueOfGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDetail,
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Change in carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock,
       us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       sam:ScheduleOfFiniteAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1061 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Schedule of intangible assets (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail,
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Schedule of intangible assets (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       sam:ScheduleOfFiniteAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1062 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Schedule of amortization expense (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseDetail,
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Schedule of amortization expense (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -6,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R63: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1063 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019_CustomerRelationshipsMemberusgaapFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis_DogfishHeadBreweryMemberusgaapBusinessAcquisitionAxis,
      decimals: null,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R64: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1064 - Disclosure - Summary of Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R65: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: 4,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1065 - Disclosure - Revolving Line of Credit - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Revolving Line of Credit - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: 4,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R66: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1066 - Disclosure - Significant Components of Provision for Income Taxes (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail,
     shortName: Significant Components of Provision for Income Taxes (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R67: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1067 - Disclosure - Reconciliations to Statutory Rates (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail,
     shortName: Reconciliations to Statutory Rates (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: 3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R68: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1068 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Income Taxes - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R69: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:DeferredTaxAssetsLeaseLiabilities,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1069 - Disclosure - Significant Components of Company's Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail,
     shortName: Significant Components of Company's Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:DeferredTaxAssetsLeaseLiabilities,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ProfitLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1007 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ProfitLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R70: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_29_2018,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1070 - Disclosure - Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail,
     shortName: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_30_2017,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R71: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_31_2019,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:PercentageOfProductionVolumes,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1071 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_31_2019,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:PercentageOfProductionVolumes,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R72: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ContractualObligation,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1072 - Disclosure - Non-cancelable Contractual Obligations (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail,
     shortName: Non-cancelable Contractual Obligations (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R73: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1073 - Disclosure - Fair Value Measures - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasuresAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Fair Value Measures - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -5,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R74: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1074 - Disclosure - Common Stock and Share-Based Compensation - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Common Stock and Share-Based Compensation - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: 2,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD_per_Share,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R75: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_29_2018,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1075 - Disclosure - Summary of Stock Options under Employee Equity Incentive Plan and Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Stock Options under Employee Equity Incentive Plan and Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: INF,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R76: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensation,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1076 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Expense Included in Operating Expenses (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail,
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation Expense Included in Operating Expenses (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019_PerformanceBasedAwardsMembersamScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAxis,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensation,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R77: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: 3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1077 - Disclosure - Weighted Average Assumptions used to Estimate Fair Value of Stock Options (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/WeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateFairValueOfStockOptionsDetail,
     shortName: Weighted Average Assumptions used to Estimate Fair Value of Stock Options (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: 3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R78: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearOne,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1078 - Disclosure - Summary of Estimated Future Annual Stock-Based Compensation Expense (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Estimated Future Annual Stock-Based Compensation Expense (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearOne,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R79: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_29_2018,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1079 - Disclosure - Summary of Vesting Activities for Investment Share Program and Restricted Stock Awards (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Vesting Activities for Investment Share Program and Restricted Stock Awards (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_29_2018,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1008 - Disclosure - Organization and Basis of Presentation,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentation,
     shortName: Organization and Basis of Presentation,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R80: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_29_2018,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeNumberOfSharesRepurchased,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1080 - Disclosure - Stock Repurchases (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockRepurchasesDetail,
     shortName: Stock Repurchases (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: null
    },
    R81: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMemberusgaapRetirementPlanTypeAxis,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1081 - Disclosure - Funded Status of Local 1199 Pension Plan and Retiree Medical Plan (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail,
     shortName: Funded Status of Local 1199 Pension Plan and Retiree Medical Plan (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMemberusgaapRetirementPlanTypeAxis,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R82: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: 2,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1082 - Disclosure - Local 1199 Plan's Weighted-Average Asset Allocations (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail,
     shortName: Local 1199 Plan's Weighted-Average Asset Allocations (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: 2,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R83: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: 4,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1083 - Disclosure - Employee Retirement Plans - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Employee Retirement Plans - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: 4,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_pure,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R84: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P09_29_2019To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1084 - Disclosure - Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
     shortName: Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock,
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019_UnvestedSharesMemberusgaapStatementClassOfStockAxis,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R85: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock,
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_01_2019To12_13_2019,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1085 - Disclosure - Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic (Parenthetical) (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicParentheticalDetail,
     shortName: Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic (Parenthetical) (Detail),
     subGroupType: parenthetical,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock,
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_01_2019To12_13_2019,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R86: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock,
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1086 - Disclosure - Computation of Diluted Net Income Per Share (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
     shortName: Computation of Diluted Net Income Per Share (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareDilutedByCommonClassTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R87: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P09_29_2019To12_28_2019,
      decimals: 2,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareBasic,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD_per_Share,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1087 - Disclosure - Net Income per Share - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Net Income per Share - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019_CommonClassAMemberusgaapStatementClassOfStockAxis,
      decimals: INF,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_shares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R88: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_29_2018,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1088 - Disclosure - Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail,
     shortName: Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R89: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1089 - Disclosure - Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Parenthetical) (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossParentheticalDetail,
     shortName: Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Parenthetical) (Detail),
     subGroupType: parenthetical,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1009 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies,
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R90: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_29_2018,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1090 - Disclosure - Summary of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail,
     shortName: Summary of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_30_2018To12_28_2019_AllowancesForDoubtfulAccountCurrentMemberusgaapValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R91: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_31_2017To12_29_2018,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:AdjustmentsInDiscountProvisionDueToCumulativeEffectOfRetainedEarningsAndDeferredRevenue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1091 - Disclosure - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P12_31_2017To12_29_2018,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: sam:AdjustmentsInDiscountProvisionDueToCumulativeEffectOfRetainedEarningsAndDeferredRevenue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R92: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       sam:LesseeLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1092 - Disclosure - Related Party Transactions - Additional Information (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetail,
     shortName: Related Party Transactions - Additional Information (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019_DogfishHeadBreweryMemberusgaapRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis,
      decimals: null,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R93: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P09_29_2019To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Revenues,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1093 - Disclosure - Quarterly Results (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsDetail,
     shortName: Quarterly Results (Detail),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P09_29_2019To12_28_2019,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:Revenues,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R94: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: P07_01_2018To09_29_2018,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1094 - Disclosure - Quarterly Results (Parenthetical) (Detail),
     role: http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail,
     shortName: Quarterly Results (Parenthetical) (Detail),
     subGroupType: parenthetical,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: d860744d10k.htm,
      contextRef: PAsOn12_28_2019_DogfishHeadTransactionMemberusgaapBusinessAcquisitionAxis,
      decimals: -5,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: Unit_USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
   },
   segmentCount: 85,
   tag: {
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.,
        label: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AmendmentFlag,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city,
        label: City Area Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CityAreaCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.,
        label: Cover [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CoverAbstract,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.,
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r499
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.,
        label: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.,
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.,
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Document Information [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentInformationLineItems,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentInformationTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Container to support the formal attachment of each official or unofficial
 public or private document as part of a submission package.,
        label: Document Information [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentInformationTable,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.,
        label: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r498
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.,
        label: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.,
        label: Document Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentType,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name,
        label: Entity Address
 Address Line One
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town,
        label: Entity Address
 City or Town
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code,
        label: Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.,
        label: Entity Address
 State or Province
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r500
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.,
        label: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.,
        label: Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: All the names of the entities being reported upon in a document. Any legal structure used to conduct activities or to hold assets. Some examples of such structures are corporations
 partnerships
 limited liability companies
 grantor trusts
 and other trusts. This item does not include business and geographical segments which are included in the geographical or business segments domains.,
        label: Entity [Domain],
        terseLabel: Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityDomain,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilities,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossParentheticalDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensation,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicParentheticalDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefitsTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasures,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasuresAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxes,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Inventories,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/InventoriesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShare,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentation,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnaudited,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnauditedTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCredit,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockRepurchasesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SubsequentEvents,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccounts,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/WeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateFairValueOfStockOptionsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r500
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.,
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.,
        label: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFileNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r500
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFilerCategory,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.,
        label: Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r502
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).,
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.,
        label: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityPublicFloat,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r500
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.,
        label: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityRegistrantName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r500
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.,
        label: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityShellCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r500
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).,
        label: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r500
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.,
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    },
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.,
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.,
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_LegalEntityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The set of legal entities associated with a report.,
        label: Legal Entity [Axis],
        terseLabel: Legal Entity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LegalEntityAxis,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilities,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossParentheticalDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensation,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicParentheticalDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefitsTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasures,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasuresAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxes,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Inventories,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/InventoriesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShare,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentation,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnaudited,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnauditedTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCredit,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockRepurchasesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SubsequentEvents,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccounts,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/WeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateFairValueOfStockOptionsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.,
        label: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r496
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.,
        label: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Security12bTitle,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    },
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r497
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.,
        label: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecurityExchangeName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    },
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.,
        label: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradingSymbol,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    },
    sam_AccruedDepositsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued Deposits
 Current,
        label: Accrued Deposits
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued deposits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedDepositsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accrued Expenses And Other Current Liabilities [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_AccruedFreightCostsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued Freight Costs Current,
        label: Accrued Freight Costs Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued freight
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedFreightCostsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_AccruedSalesAndMarketingCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued Sales and Marketing
 Current,
        label: Accrued Sales and Marketing
 Current,
        terseLabel: Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedSalesAndMarketingCurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_AccumulatedAmortizationOrDepreciationFinanceLease: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesGrossValueOfAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssetsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated Amortization Or Depreciation Finance Lease.,
        label: Accumulated Amortization Or Depreciation Finance Lease,
        verboseLabel: Finance Lease
 Accumulated amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedAmortizationOrDepreciationFinanceLease,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesGrossValueOfAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_AccuredCapital: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accured Capital.,
        label: Accured Capital,
        verboseLabel: Accrued capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccuredCapital,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_AccuredUtilitiesAndThirdPartyFees: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accured Utilities And Third Party Fees.,
        label: Accured Utilities And Third Party Fees,
        terseLabel: Accrued utilities and third party fees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccuredUtilitiesAndThirdPartyFees,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_AdjustmentsInDiscountProvisionDueToCumulativeEffectOfRetainedEarningsAndDeferredRevenue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adjustments in discount provision due to cumulative effect of retained earnings and deferred revenue.,
        label: Adjustments in Discount Provision due to Cumulative Effect of Retained Earnings and Deferred Revenue,
        verboseLabel: Cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings and the current year adjustment to deferred revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsInDiscountProvisionDueToCumulativeEffectOfRetainedEarningsAndDeferredRevenue,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_AllowancesForDoubtfulAccountCurrentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Allowances for Doubtful Account
 Current [Member],
        label: Allowances for Doubtful Account Current [Member],
        verboseLabel: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowancesForDoubtfulAccountCurrentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_AllowancesForSalesReturnMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Allowances for Sales Return [Member],
        label: Allowances for Sales Return [Member],
        verboseLabel: Stale Beer Reserve
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowancesForSalesReturnMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_ApplesAndOtherIngredientsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Apples And Other Ingredients [Member],
        label: Apples And Other Ingredients [Member],
        terseLabel: Apples and other ingredients
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ApplesAndOtherIngredientsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_BarleyAndWheatMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Barley and Wheat [Member],
        label: Barley and Wheat [Member],
        terseLabel: Barley and Wheat
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BarleyAndWheatMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_BoardOfDirectorsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Board Of Directors [Member],
        verboseLabel: Board of Directors
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BoardOfDirectorsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_BostonBeerCompany401kPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boston beer company 401 (k) plan.,
        label: Boston Beer Company 401K Plan [Member],
        terseLabel: Boston Beer 401 (k) Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BostonBeerCompany401kPlanMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_BrandSupportMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Brand support.,
        label: Brand Support [Member],
        terseLabel: Brand Support
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BrandSupportMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_BusinessCombinationFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Business combination fair value.,
        label: Business Combination Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Business combination fair value,
        verboseLabel: Estimated total purchase price
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationFairValue,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_ChangeInRightOfUseAssets: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 28.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: It represents Increase Decrease of Right Of Use Assets.,
        label: Change In Right Of Use Assets,
        negatedLabel: Change in ROU assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ChangeInRightOfUseAssets,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_CityBrewingMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: City brewing.,
        label: City Brewing [Member],
        verboseLabel: Third Party Brewery
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CityBrewingMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Line Items],
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Table],
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Table],
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_CompanySponsoredPensionPlansMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Company Sponsored Pension Plans,
        label: Company Sponsored Pension Plans [Member],
        terseLabel: Company Sponsored Pension Plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CompanySponsoredPensionPlansMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_ComponentsOfOtherOperatingCostAndExpenseGeneralAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components Of Other Operating Cost And Expense General [Axis],
        label: Components Of Other Operating Cost And Expense General [Axis],
        terseLabel: Components Of Other Operating Cost And Expense General [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComponentsOfOtherOperatingCostAndExpenseGeneralAxis,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ComponentsOfOtherOperatingCostAndExpenseGeneralDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components Of Other Operating Cost And Expense General [Domain],
        label: Components Of Other Operating Cost And Expense General [Domain],
        terseLabel: Components Of Other Operating Cost And Expense General [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComponentsOfOtherOperatingCostAndExpenseGeneralDomain,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockShares: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of Class B common shares converted to Class A during the current period.,
        label: Conversion Of Class B Common Stock To Class A Common Stock Shares,
        terseLabel: Conversion from Class B to Class A (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockShares,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    sam_ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the conversion of Class B to Class A during the current period.,
        label: Conversion Of Class B Common Stock To Class A Common Stock Value,
        terseLabel: Conversion from Class B to Class A
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConversionOfClassBCommonStockToClassACommonStockValue,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_ConvertibleSharesExchangeRatio: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Convertible Shares Exchange Ratio,
        label: Convertible Shares Exchange Ratio,
        terseLabel: Conversion ratio for Class B to Class A shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConvertibleSharesExchangeRatio,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: decimalItemType
    },
    sam_CurrentOperatingLeaseLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Current Operating Lease Liabilities [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentOperatingLeaseLiabilitiesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_CustomerTransactionsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer Transactions,
        label: Customer Transactions [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Refundable Deposits on Kegs and Pallets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomerTransactionsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_CustomersMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customers [Member],
        label: Customers [Member],
        terseLabel: Customers programs and incentives
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomersMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_DebtInstrumentInterestCoverageRatio: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument Interest Coverage Ratio,
        label: Debt Instrument Interest Coverage Ratio,
        terseLabel: EBITDA to interest expense ratio
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestCoverageRatio,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    },
    sam_DebtToEarningsBeforeInterestTaxDepreciationAndAmortizationRatio: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt To Earnings Before Interest Tax Depreciation And Amortization Ratio,
        label: Debt To EBITDA Ratio,
        terseLabel: Total funded debt to EBITDA ratio
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtToEarningsBeforeInterestTaxDepreciationAndAmortizationRatio,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    },
    sam_DebtToEarningsBeforeInterestTaxesDepreciationAmortizationRatioMaximumForCovenantCompliance: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt to Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation Amortization Ratio Maximum for Covenant Compliance,
        label: Debt to Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation Amortization Ratio Maximum for Covenant Compliance,
        terseLabel: Total funded debt to EBITDA
 maximum allowable ratio
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtToEarningsBeforeInterestTaxesDepreciationAmortizationRatioMaximumForCovenantCompliance,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    },
    sam_DecreaseIncreaseInAccountsPayableForPurchaseOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Decrease increase in accounts payable for purchase of property plant and equipment.,
        label: Decrease Increase In Accounts Payable For Purchase Of Property Plant And Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Increase (decrease) in accounts payable for purchase of property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DecreaseIncreaseInAccountsPayableForPurchaseOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Line Items],
        label: Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Table],
        label: Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Table],
        terseLabel: Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets
 Capital Loss Carryforwards
 Expiration Year,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Capital Loss Carryforwards
 Expiration Year,
        terseLabel: Deferred tax assets capital loss carryforward expiration year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    },
    sam_DeferredTaxAssetsLeaseLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred tax assets lease liabilities.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Lease Liabilities,
        verboseLabel: Lease Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsLeaseLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAccumulatedAmortizationOnIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 13.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred tax liabilities accumulated amortization on intangible assets.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities Accumulated Amortization On Intangible Assets,
        negatedLabel: Amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAccumulatedAmortizationOnIntangibleAssets,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesRightOfUseAssets: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 12.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred tax liabilities right of use assets.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities Right Of Use Assets,
        negatedLabel: Right-of-use Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesRightOfUseAssets,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_DefinedBenefitPlanCoveragePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit Plan Coverage Percentage,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan Coverage Percentage,
        terseLabel: Percentage paid for coverage
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanCoveragePercentage,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    sam_DefinedBenefitPlanFirstEligibleContributionsByEmployer: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined benefit plan first eligible contributions by employer.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan First Eligible Contributions By Employer,
        terseLabel: Contribution percentage by the company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanFirstEligibleContributionsByEmployer,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    sam_DefinedBenefitPlanServicePeriodOfEmployeesToBeEligibleToParticipateInRetirementPlan: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit Plan Service Period Of Employees To Be Eligible To Participate In Retirement Plan,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan Service Period Of Employees To Be Eligible To Participate In Retirement Plan,
        terseLabel: Retiree Medical Plan
 last years of employment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanServicePeriodOfEmployeesToBeEligibleToParticipateInRetirementPlan,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    sam_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetsAllocationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted Average Assets Allocations [Abstract],
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted Average Assets Allocations [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Asset Category
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetsAllocationsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit Plans And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Additional Information [Axis],
        label: Defined Benefit Plans And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Additional Information [Axis],
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plans And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Additional Information [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationAxis,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit Plans And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Additional Information [Domain],
        label: Defined Benefit Plans And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Additional Information [Domain],
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plans And Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Additional Information [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDomain,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_DescriptionOfAmendment: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Description Of Amendment.,
        label: Amendment date description
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DescriptionOfAmendment,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_DiscountAccrualMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discount Accrual [Member],
        label: Discount Accrual [Member],
        terseLabel: Discount Accrual
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscountAccrualMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_DistributorsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Distributors [Member],
        label: Distributors [Member],
        terseLabel: Distributors
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DistributorsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_DogfishHead401KPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Dogfish head 401 (K) plan.,
        label: Dogfish Head 401 K Plan [Member],
        verboseLabel: Dogfish Head 401 (K) Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DogfishHead401KPlanMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_DogfishHeadBreweryMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Dogfish Head Brewery [Member],
        terseLabel: Dogfish Head Brewery,
        verboseLabel: Dogfish Head Brewery [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DogfishHeadBreweryMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_DogfishHeadTransactionMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Dogfish Head Transaction.,
        label: Dogfish Head Transaction [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DogfishHeadTransactionMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_DomesticSalesPercentageOfSales: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Domestic sales percentage of sales.,
        label: Sales to domestic distributors as a percentage of total sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DomesticSalesPercentageOfSales,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    sam_EarningsPerShareDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Earnings Per Share Disclosure [Table],
        label: Earnings Per Share Disclosure [Table],
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareDisclosureTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_EarningsPerShareNoteLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Earnings Per Share Note [Line Items],
        label: Earnings Per Share Note [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareNoteLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInAccountingMethod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective income tax rate reconciliation change in accounting method.,
        label: Accounting method changes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInAccountingMethod,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    sam_EstimatedExpenseOfTerminationOfRetirementPensionPlan: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Estimated cost of termination of retirement pension plan,
        label: Estimated Expense Of Termination Of Retirement Pension Plan,
        terseLabel: Estimated cost of termination of retirement pension plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EstimatedExpenseOfTerminationOfRetirementPensionPlan,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_ExciseTaxesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excise Taxes [Policy Text Block],
        label: Excise Taxes [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Excise Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ExciseTaxesPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_FinanceLeaseAbstractAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Finance lease abstract.,
        label: Finance Lease Abstract [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Finance lease cost:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseAbstractAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseCostDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesGrossValueOfAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssetsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Finance lease right of use assets gross.,
        label: Finance Lease Right Of Use Assets Gross,
        verboseLabel: Finance Lease
 Gross value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetsGross,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesGrossValueOfAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssetsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_GroupFourMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Group four.,
        label: Group Four [Member],
        terseLabel: Company's match for the first 3% of the eligible participants contribute
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GroupFourMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_GroupThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Group Three [Member],
        label: Group Three [Member],
        terseLabel: Company's match thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GroupThreeMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_GroupTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Group Two [Member],
        label: Group Two [Member],
        terseLabel: Company's match for the first $1
000 of the eligible participants contribute
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GroupTwoMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_HopsBarleyAndWheatMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hops
 Barley and Wheat [Member],
        label: Hops
 Barley and Wheat [Member],
        terseLabel: Hops
 Barley and Wheat
       }
      }
     },
     localname: HopsBarleyAndWheatMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_HopsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hops,
        label: Hops [Member],
        terseLabel: Hops
       }
      }
     },
     localname: HopsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_IncomeAllocatedToEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionNonvested: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Allocated To Equity Instruments Other Than Option
 Nonvested,
        label: Income Allocated To Equity Instruments Other Than Option
 Nonvested,
        terseLabel: Earnings to Common Shareholders
 Net effect of unvested participating shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeAllocatedToEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionNonvested,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_IncomeTaxRateAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Tax Rate Adjustment,
        label: Income Tax Rate Adjustment [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxRateAdjustmentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxAccountingMethodChange: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Tax Reconciliation Tax Accounting Method Change.,
        label: One-time income tax benefit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxAccountingMethodChange,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_IncomeTaxReturnExaminationPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Tax Return
 Examination Period,
        label: Income Tax Return
 Examination Period,
        terseLabel: Income tax return examination period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReturnExaminationPeriod,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    sam_IncomeTaxesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Taxes [Line Items],
        label: Income Taxes [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_IncomeTaxesTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Taxes [Table],
        label: Income Taxes [Table],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedExpensesFromPurchaseOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase Decrease In Accrued Expenses From Purchase Of Property Plant And Equipment,
        label: Increase Decrease In Accrued Expenses From Purchase Of Property Plant And Equipment,
        terseLabel: Increase in accrued expenses for purchase of property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedExpensesFromPurchaseOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_IncreaseDecreaseLeaseLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 21.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: It represent Increase Decrease of Lease Liabilities.,
        label: Increase Decrease Lease Liabilities,
        negatedTerseLabel: Change in operating lease liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseLeaseLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Conversion of Common Stock,
        label: Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Conversion of Common Stock,
        terseLabel: Class B Common Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    sam_InterestCoverageRatioMinimumForCovenantCompliance: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest Coverage Ratio Minimum for Covenant Compliance,
        label: Interest Coverage Ratio Minimum for Covenant Compliance,
        terseLabel: EBITDA to interest expense
 minimum allowable ratio
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestCoverageRatioMinimumForCovenantCompliance,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    },
    sam_InterestRateAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest Rate Adjustment,
        label: Interest Rate Adjustment [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestRateAdjustmentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_InternationalSalesPercentageOfSales: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: International Sales Percentage of Sales,
        label: International Sales Percentage of Sales,
        terseLabel: Sales to foreign distributors as a percentage of total sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InternationalSalesPercentageOfSales,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    sam_InventoryCurrentAndNoncurrentNet: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory current and non-current
 net.,
        label: Inventory Current And Noncurrent Net,
        totalLabel: Total inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryCurrentAndNoncurrentNet,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_InventoryOnHandAndInventoryUnderPurchaseCommitment: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory on hand and inventory under purchase commitment.,
        label: Inventory on Hand and Inventory Under Purchase Commitment,
        terseLabel: Inventory on hand
 purchase commitment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryOnHandAndInventoryUnderPurchaseCommitment,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_Kegs: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Kegs,
        label: Kegs,
        terseLabel: Kegs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Kegs,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_KegsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Kegs [Member],
        label: Kegs [Member],
        terseLabel: Kegs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: KegsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_LeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of lease assets and liabilities.,
        label: Lease Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: ROU assets and lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_LeaseLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Lease Liabilities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Lease Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseLiabilitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_LeasesCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Leases Cash Flow Information [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeasesCashFlowInformationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_LessExciseTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Revenues,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Less excise taxes.,
        label: Less Excise Taxes,
        terseLabel: Less excise taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LessExciseTaxes,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_LesseeLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability and capital lealiability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating and capital lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.,
        label: Lessee Lease Liability Maturity [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Maturities of lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_LongTermLeaseLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Long Term Lease Liabilities [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermLeaseLiabilitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_MinimumNumberOfEmployeeWorkingHoursRequiredToBeEligibleToParticipateInFourZeroOneKPlan: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum Number of Employee Working Hours Required to be Eligible to Participate in 401(k) Plan,
        label: Minimum Number of Employee Working Hours Required to be Eligible to Participate in 401(k) Plan,
        terseLabel: Time required for eligibility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinimumNumberOfEmployeeWorkingHoursRequiredToBeEligibleToParticipateInFourZeroOneKPlan,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    sam_NetProceedsFromSaleOfInvestmentShares: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Net Proceeds from Sale of Investment Shares,
        label: Net Proceeds from Sale of Investment Shares,
        terseLabel: Net proceeds from sale of investment shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetProceedsFromSaleOfInvestmentShares,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleCumulativeEffectOfChangeOnLeaseLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cumulative effect of the change in accounting principle or new accounting pronouncement on lease liabilities.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle Cumulative Effect of Change on Lease Liabilities,
        verboseLabel: Cumulative effect adjustment to lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleCumulativeEffectOfChangeOnLeaseLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleCumulativeEffectOfChangeOnRightOfUseAssets: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cumulative effect of the change in accounting principle or new accounting pronouncement on right of use assets.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle Cumulative Effect of Change on Right Of Use Assets,
        verboseLabel: Cumulative effect adjustment to right of use assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleCumulativeEffectOfChangeOnRightOfUseAssets,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_NewAccountingPronouncementsNotYetAdoptedPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted [Policy Text Block],
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Effective
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsNotYetAdoptedPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_NonCurrentOperatingLeaseLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Non Current Operating Lease Liabilities [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonCurrentOperatingLeaseLiabilitiesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_NonEmployeeDirectorStockOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Non employee director stock option.,
        label: Non Employee Director Stock Option[Member],
        terseLabel: Non-Employee Director
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonEmployeeDirectorStockOptionMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_NonunionEmployeesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: NonUnion Employees,
        label: NonUnion Employees [Member],
        terseLabel: Non-Union Plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonunionEmployeesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_NumberOfCustomersAccountedForMoreThanTenPercentOfAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number Of Customers Accounted For More Than Ten Percent Of Accounts Receivable,
        label: Number Of Customers Accounted For More Than Ten Percent Of Accounts Receivable,
        terseLabel: Number of individual customer accounted for more than ten percent of account receivable balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfCustomersAccountedForMoreThanTenPercentOfAccountsReceivable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    sam_NumberOfCustomersAccountedForMoreThanTenPercentOfRevenue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number Of Customers Accounted For More Than Ten Percent Of Revenue,
        label: Number Of Customers Accounted For More Than Ten Percent Of Revenue,
        terseLabel: Number of individual customers represented more than ten percent of revenues
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfCustomersAccountedForMoreThanTenPercentOfRevenue,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    sam_NumberOfDefinedBenefitPensionPlans: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of Defined Benefit Pension Plans,
        label: Number of Defined Benefit Pension Plans,
        terseLabel: Number of retirement plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfDefinedBenefitPensionPlans,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    sam_NumberOfStatesInWhichEntityIsBeingAudited: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of States in which Entity is being Audited,
        label: Number of States in which Entity is being Audited,
        terseLabel: Number of states being audited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfStatesInWhichEntityIsBeingAudited,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    sam_NumberOfSuppliers: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of Suppliers,
        label: Number of Suppliers,
        terseLabel: Number of suppliers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfSuppliers,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    sam_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTermAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Lease Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Operating Lease Weighted-Average Remaining Term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTermAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_OperatingLeasesCurrentLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Leases Current Liabilities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesCurrentLiabilitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_OperatingLeasesLiabilitiesNonCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Leases Liabilities Non current [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Non-current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesLiabilitiesNonCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_OperatingRightOfUseAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Right Of Use Assets [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingRightOfUseAssetsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items],
        label: Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Table],
        label: Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Table],
        terseLabel: Organization And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectFromOtherComprehensiveIncomeToRetainedEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income Loss New Accounting Pronouncement Or Change In Accounting Principle Effect From Other Comprehensive income To Retained Earnings.,
        label: Impact of ASU 2018-02,
        verboseLabel: One time effect of adoption of ASU 2018-02
 Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectFromOtherComprehensiveIncomeToRetainedEarnings,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectToRetainedEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other comprehensive income loss new accounting pronouncement or change in accounting principle effect to retained earnings.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income Loss New Accounting Pronouncement Or Change In Accounting Principle Effect To Retained Earnings,
        terseLabel: Adoption of ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 tax adjustment,
        verboseLabel: Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 tax adjustment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectToRetainedEarnings,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_OtherLiabilitiesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Liabilities [Line Items],
        label: Other Liabilities [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Other Liabilities [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_OtherLiabilitiesTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Liabilities [Table],
        label: Other Liabilities [Table],
        terseLabel: Other Liabilities [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_OtherNonRecurringCostMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Non Recurring Cost [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNonRecurringCostMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_OtherPurchaseCommitmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Purchase Commitment,
        label: Other Purchase Commitment [Member],
        terseLabel: Other Commitments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherPurchaseCommitmentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_PaymentsOfContractualObligations: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payments of contractual obligations.,
        label: Payments of contractual obligations,
        terseLabel: Payments of contractual obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfContractualObligations,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_PaymentsOfInterestExpensesOnBorrowings: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payments Of Interest Expenses On Borrowings.,
        label: Payments Of Interest Expenses On Borrowings,
        verboseLabel: Payments of interest expenses on borrowings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfInterestExpensesOnBorrowings,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_PercentageOfProductionVolumes: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage Of Production Volumes,
        label: Percentage Of Production Volumes,
        terseLabel: Company's current brewing and packaging percentage
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PercentageOfProductionVolumes,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    sam_PerformanceBasedAwardsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance based awards.,
        label: Performance Based Awards [Member],
        terseLabel: Performance-Based Awards,
        verboseLabel: Performance-Based Awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceBasedAwardsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_PostretirementMedicalBenefitsQualifyingAge: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Postretirement Medical Benefits Qualifying Age,
        label: Postretirement Medical Benefits Qualifying Age,
        terseLabel: Voluntarily retirement age
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PostretirementMedicalBenefitsQualifyingAge,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    sam_PrepaidBrewingServiceFeesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Prepaid Brewing Service Fees Current.,
        label: Prepaid Brewing Service Fees Current,
        terseLabel: Prepaid brewing service fees,
        verboseLabel: Prepaid brewing services fee \u2014 short term (see Note L)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidBrewingServiceFeesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Prepaid Expenses And Other Assets Disclosure [Text Block],
        label: Prepaid Expenses And Other Assets Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidExpensesAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssets
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_PresidentAndChiefExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: President And Chief Executive Officer [Member],
        label: President And Chief Executive Officer [Member],
        terseLabel: President and Chief Executive Officer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PresidentAndChiefExecutiveOfficerMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_QuarterlyFinancialInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items],
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Quarterly Financial Information [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Quarterly Financial Information [Table],
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table],
        terseLabel: Quarterly Financial Information [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalTaxRateLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Line Items],
        label: Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalTaxRateLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalTaxRateTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Table],
        label: Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Table],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Statutory Federal Tax Rate [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalTaxRateTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_RequiredCustomaryEmploymentTimeForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Required Customary Employment Time for Eligibility of Employee Benefits,
        label: Required Customary Employment Time for Eligibility of Employee Benefits,
        terseLabel: Time required for eligibility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RequiredCustomaryEmploymentTimeForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Required Employment Period for Eligibility of Employee Benefits,
        label: Required Employment Period for Eligibility of Employee Benefits,
        terseLabel: Eligibility period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    sam_RestrictedCommonClassAMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Restricted Common Class A [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedCommonClassAMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_RetailSalesPercentageOfSales: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Retail sales percentage of sales.,
        label: Sales to retail locations as a percentage of total sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetailSalesPercentageOfSales,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    sam_ReversalOfTheDeferredRentUponAdoption: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Rent Due.,
        label: Reversal Of The Deferred Rent Upon Adoption,
        verboseLabel: Reversal of the deferred rent upon adoption
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReversalOfTheDeferredRentUponAdoption,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_RightOfUseAssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Right Of Use Assets [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Right of use assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RightOfUseAssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_SamuelAdamsCincinnatiBrewery401kPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Samuel adams cincinnati brewery 401 k plan.,
        label: Samuel Adams Cincinnati Brewery 401K Plan [Member],
        terseLabel: Samuel Adams Cincinnati Brewery 401 (k) Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SamuelAdamsCincinnatiBrewery401kPlanMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Line Items],
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table],
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Components of Income Before Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule Of Contractual Commitments [Line Items],
        label: Schedule Of Contractual Commitments [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Contractual Commitments [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule Of Contractual Commitments [Table],
        label: Schedule Of Contractual Commitments [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Contractual Commitments [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfContractualCommitmentsTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedByCommonClassLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class [Line Items],
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedByCommonClassLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedByCommonClassTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class [Table],
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedByCommonClassTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfFiniteAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule Of Finite and Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets Excluding Goodwill.,
        label: Schedule Of Finite and Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets Excluding Goodwill [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of intangible assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfGrossValueAndAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssets: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of gross value and accumulated depreciation of right of use assets.,
        label: Schedule of Gross Value And Accumulated Depreciation Of Right Of Use Assets,
        terseLabel: Schedule of gross value and accumulated depreciation of right of use assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfGrossValueAndAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssets,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule Of Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets,
        label: Schedule Of Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule Of Property Plant And Equipment Useful Life Table [Text Block],
        label: Schedule Of Property Plant And Equipment Useful Life Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Estimated Useful Lives
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLifeTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule Of Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award [Axis],
        label: Schedule Of Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award [Axis],
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAxis,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits [Line Items],
        label: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits [Table],
        label: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTable,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure Table,
        label: Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_SegmentOneMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Segment One [Member],
        label: Segment One [Member],
        terseLabel: Boston Beer Company Reporting Unit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentOneMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_ServiceBasedAwardsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Service Based Awards [Member],
        verboseLabel: Service-Based Awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ServiceBasedAwardsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEmployeeInvestmentSharesPurchase: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares purchased by employees under the investment share purchase program.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Employee Investment Shares Purchase,
        terseLabel: Shares employees elected to purchase
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEmployeeInvestmentSharesPurchase,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award Expected Future Compensation Year Five,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award Expected Future Compensation Year Five,
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearFive,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award Expected Future Compensation Year Four,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award Expected Future Compensation Year Four,
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearFour,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearOne: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award Expected Future Compensation Year One,
        label: Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award expected future compensation year one,
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearOne,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award Expected Future Compensation Year three,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award Expected Future Compensation Year three,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearThree,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award Expected Future Compensation Year Two,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award Expected Future Compensation Year Two,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedFutureCompensationYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsEstimatedForfeitureRate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award
 fair value assumptions
 estimated forfeiture rate.,
        label: Share based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Estimated Forfeiture Rate,
        terseLabel: Estimated forfeiture rate for equity awards that do not vest on January 1st
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsEstimatedForfeitureRate,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExerciseFactor: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The suboptimal exercise factor
 a factor representing the value of the underlying stock as a multiple of the exercise price of the option which
 if achieved
 results in exercise of the option.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Exercise Factor,
        terseLabel: Exercise factor
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExerciseFactor,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/WeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateFairValueOfStockOptionsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: decimalItemType
    },
    sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value [Abstract],
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Aggregate Intrinsic Value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardRequiredTenureForParticipationInPlan: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Employee tenure requirement to participate in plan.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award
 Required Tenure for Participation in Plan,
        terseLabel: Requirement tenure of employee for investment share program
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardRequiredTenureForParticipationInPlan,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award [Domain],
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award [Domain],
        terseLabel: Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardDomain,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_SharesHeldUnderEscrowDeposit: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shares held under escrow deposit.,
        label: Shares Held Under Escrow Deposit,
        terseLabel: Shares held under escrow deposit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesHeldUnderEscrowDeposit,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    sam_SharesHeldUnderEscrowDepositMarketValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shares held under escrow deposit market Value.,
        label: Shares Held Under Escrow Deposit Market Value,
        verboseLabel: Shares held under escrow deposit market Value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesHeldUnderEscrowDepositMarketValue,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_ShippingsAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.,
        label: Shippings And Handling Cost [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Shipping Costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShippingsAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    sam_StockRepurchaseProgramAggregatePurchasePriceAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Repurchase Program
 Aggregate Purchase Price [Abstract],
        label: Stock Repurchase Program
 Aggregate Purchase Price [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Aggregate Purchase Price
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchaseProgramAggregatePurchasePriceAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockRepurchasesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeNumberOfSharesRepurchased: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock repurchase program
 cumulative number of shares repurchased.,
        label: Stock Repurchase Program
 Cumulative Number of Shares Repurchased,
        periodEndLabel: Repurchased at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Repurchased at beginning of period,
        verboseLabel: Repurchase of shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeNumberOfSharesRepurchased,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockRepurchasesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeSharesRepurchasedValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock repurchase program
 cumulative shares repurchased
 value.,
        label: Stock Repurchase Program
 Cumulative Shares Repurchased
 Value,
        periodEndLabel: Repurchased at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Repurchased at beginning balance,
        verboseLabel: Repurchased of value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeSharesRepurchasedValue,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockRepurchasesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_StockRepurchaseProgramNumberOfSharesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Repurchase Program
 Number of Shares [Abstract],
        label: Stock Repurchase Program
 Number of Shares [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Number of shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchaseProgramNumberOfSharesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockRepurchasesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReductionInFederalExciseTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 reduction in federal excise taxes.,
        label: Reduction in federal excise taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReductionInFederalExciseTaxes,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    sam_TheInternationalUnionOfOperatingEngineersMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The International Union of Operating Engineers [Member],
        label: The International Union of Operating Engineers [Member],
        terseLabel: Local #20 member
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TheInternationalUnionOfOperatingEngineersMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_UncategorizedAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Uncategorized [Abstract],
        label: Uncategorized [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UncategorizedAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    sam_UnionEmployeesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Union Employees,
        label: Union Employees [Member],
        terseLabel: Union Plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnionEmployeesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_UnionNumber1199PensionPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Union Number1199 Pension Plan [Member],
        verboseLabel: Union Number 1199 Pension Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnionNumber1199PensionPlanMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_UnvestedSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unvested Shares [Member].,
        label: Unvested Shares [Member],
        verboseLabel: Unvested participating shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnvestedSharesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_VoluntaryEquityInvestmentProgramMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Voluntary equity investment program.,
        label: Voluntary Equity Investment Program [Member],
        verboseLabel: Investment Share Program
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VoluntaryEquityInvestmentProgramMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    sam_VoluntaryPayrollDeductionPeriodToPurchaseInvestmentShares: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Voluntary payroll deduction period to purchase investment shares.,
        label: Voluntary Payroll Deduction Period to Purchase Investment Shares,
        terseLabel: Payroll deduction period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VoluntaryPayrollDeductionPeriodToPurchaseInvestmentShares,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    sam_WeightedAverageSharesAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted Average Shares Adjustment,
        label: Weighted Average Shares Adjustment [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageSharesAdjustmentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.bostonbeer.com/20191228,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r178
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Person with designation of chief executive officer.,
        label: Chief Executive Officer [Member],
        terseLabel: Chief Executive Officer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r501
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of contractual obligation by timing of payment due. Includes
 but is not limited to
 long-term debt obligation
 lease obligation
 and purchase obligation.,
        label: Contractual Obligation
 Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Non-cancelable Contractual Obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Upper limit of the provided range.,
        label: Maximum [Member],
        terseLabel: Maximum
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MaximumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lower limit of the provided range.,
        label: Minimum [Member],
        terseLabel: Minimum
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinimumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r177,
      r261,
      r263,
      r491,
      r492
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by product and service
 or group of similar products and similar services.,
        label: Products and Services [Axis],
        terseLabel: Products and Services [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product or service
 or a group of similar products or similar services.,
        label: Products and Services [Domain],
        terseLabel: Products and Services [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by statistical measurement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 minimum
 maximum
 weighted average
 arithmetic average
 and median.,
        label: Range [Axis],
        terseLabel: Range
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Statistical measurement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 minimum
 maximum
 weighted average
 arithmetic average
 and median.,
        label: Range [Domain],
        terseLabel: Range [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ScenarioForecastMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r503
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information reported for future period.,
        label: Scenario
 Forecast [Member],
        terseLabel: Scenario
 Forecast
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScenarioForecastMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario reported
 distinguishing information from actual fact. Includes
 but is not limited to
 pro forma and forecast. Excludes actual facts.,
        label: Scenario [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132,
      r504
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccounts
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    srt_StatementScenarioAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243,
      r448
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by scenario reported
 distinguishing information from actual fact. Includes
 but is not limited to
 pro forma and forecast. Excludes actual facts.,
        label: Scenario [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementScenarioAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r178,
      r441
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by title of individual or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.,
        label: Title of Individual [Axis],
        terseLabel: Title of Individual [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of individual
 or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.,
        label: Title of Individual [Domain],
        terseLabel: Relationship to Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items],
        verboseLabel: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132,
      r504
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table],
        terseLabel: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r421
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842).,
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.,
        label: Accounts Payable
 Accrued Liabilities
 and Other Liabilities Disclosure
 Current [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilities
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 14.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accounts Payable
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4,
      r30,
      r179,
      r180,
      r262
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.,
        label: Accounts Receivable
 Net
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 15.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid nor invoiced
 and liabilities classified as other.,
        label: Accrued Liabilities and Other Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities,
        totalLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48,
      r234
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.,
        label: Accumulated Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Less accumulated depreciation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentPeriodIncreaseDecrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of property
 plant and equipment.,
        label: Accumulated Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Period Increase (Decrease),
        terseLabel: Decrease in property
 plant and equipment related accumulated depreciation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentPeriodIncreaseDecrease,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66,
      r69,
      r70
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 23.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax,
        terseLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table],
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65,
      r70,
      r73,
      r396
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member],
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income
 net of tax,
        verboseLabel: AOCI Attributable to Parent
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: [
      r218
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life,
        terseLabel: Estimated use full life
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r31
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 22.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.,
        label: Additional Paid in Capital
 Common Stock,
        terseLabel: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.,
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member],
        terseLabel: Additional Paid-in Capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForErrorCorrectionDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the types error corrections made to the financial statements.,
        label: Adjustments for Error Correction [Domain],
        terseLabel: Adjustments for Error Correction [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsForErrorCorrectionDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by new accounting pronouncement.,
        label: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments
 Noncash Items
 to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289,
      r291,
      r325,
      r326
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital
 Share-based Compensation
 Requisite Service Period Recognition,
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r328
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising cost.,
        label: Advertising Costs
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Advertising and Sales Promotions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112,
      r216,
      r225
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.,
        label: Amortization of Intangible Assets,
        terseLabel: Intangible Assets Amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.,
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Antidilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of antidilutive security.,
        label: Antidilutive Securities [Axis],
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Incremental common shares attributable to securities that were not included in diluted earnings per share (EPS) because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented.,
        label: Antidilutive Securities
 Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities
 Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112,
      r231
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 27.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 12.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.,
        label: Asset Impairment Charges,
        terseLabel: Impairment (gain on sale) of assets
 net,
        verboseLabel: Impairment of assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetImpairmentCharges,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174,
      r466,
      r481
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets,
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Assets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9,
      r11,
      r63
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets
 Current,
        totalLabel: Total current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets
 Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current Assets:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292,
      r322
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Award Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Award Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AwardTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).,
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404,
      r405
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).,
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including
 but not limited to
 office
 production
 storage and distribution facilities and any addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 for example
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.,
        label: Building and Building Improvements [Member],
        terseLabel: Building and Building Improvements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13,
      r233
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.,
        label: Buildings and Improvements
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Building and building improvements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BuildingsAndImprovementsGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the acquiree in a material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations)
 which may include the name or other type of identification of the acquiree.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Acquiree [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r373,
      r374
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business combination or series of individually immaterial business combinations.,
        label: Business Acquisition [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of direct costs of the business combination including legal
 accounting
 and other costs incurred to consummate the business acquisition.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Transaction Costs,
        terseLabel: Transaction costs,
        verboseLabel: Business combination non-reoccurring transaction fees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableValueAssigned: {
     auth_ref: [
      r386
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of equity interests (such as common shares
 preferred shares
 or partnership interest) issued or issuable to acquire the entity.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable
 Value Assigned,
        presentationGuidance: Nominal value of equity issued,
        terseLabel: Business acquisition value of shares issued
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableValueAssigned,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r386
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of equity interests issued or issuable to acquire entity.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable
 Number of Shares,
        presentationGuidance: Business acquisition Shares issued
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370,
      r371
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The pro forma basic net income per share for a period as if the business combination or combinations had been completed at the beginning of a period.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share
 Basic,
        terseLabel: Basic earnings per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370,
      r371
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The pro forma diluted net income per share for a period as if the business combination or combinations had been completed at the beginning of a period.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share
 Diluted,
        terseLabel: Diluted earnings per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370,
      r371
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of pro forma results of operations for a material business acquisition or series of individually immaterial business acquisitions that are material in the aggregate.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Unaudited proforma information
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370,
      r371
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The pro forma net Income or Loss for the period as if the business combination or combinations had been completed at the beginning of a period.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Net Income (Loss),
        terseLabel: Net income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370,
      r371
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The pro forma revenue for a period as if the business combination or combinations had been completed at the beginning of the period.,
        label: Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Revenue,
        terseLabel: Net revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r368
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.,
        label: Business Combination
 Acquisition Related Costs,
        verboseLabel: Business combination transaction cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r381,
      r382,
      r384
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.,
        label: Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred,
        verboseLabel: Business combination consideration
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111,
      r387
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in the value of a contingent consideration liability
 including
 but not limited to
 differences arising upon settlement.,
        label: Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Change in Amount of Contingent Consideration
 Liability,
        terseLabel: Fair Value reduction due to liquidity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationAssetNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r380,
      r383
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset recognized arising from contingent consideration in a business combination
 expected to be realized beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration
 Asset
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Escrow Deposit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationAssetNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).,
        label: Business Combination Disclosure [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Dogfish Head Brewery Merger
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransaction
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual: {
     auth_ref: [
      r369
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the amount of earnings or loss of the acquiree since the acquisition date included in the consolidated income statement for the reporting period.,
        label: Business Combination
 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date
 Actual,
        terseLabel: Net income of acquiree
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual: {
     auth_ref: [
      r369
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the amount of revenue of the acquiree since the acquisition date included in the consolidated income statement for the reporting period.,
        label: Business Combination
 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date
 Actual,
        terseLabel: Revenue of acquiree
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets acquired at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Assets,
        terseLabel: Total assets acquired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Cash and Equivalents,
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets
 Prepaid Expense and Other Assets,
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets
 Receivables,
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities
 Accounts Payable,
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities
 Other,
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334,
      r376
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences assumed at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Deferred Tax Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes,
        verboseLabel: Deferred tax liabilities assumed
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 acquired at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets,
        presentationGuidance: Business Combination Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets Assumed,
        terseLabel: Brand,
        verboseLabel: Fairvalue of trade name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets
 Other than Goodwill,
        terseLabel: Other intangible assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles: {
     auth_ref: [
      r375,
      r376
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of identifiable intangible assets recognized as of the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Finite-Lived Intangibles,
        presentationGuidance: Business Combination Finite Lived Intangible Assets Assumed,
        terseLabel: Estimated fair value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r375,
      r376
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of inventory recognized as of the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Inventory,
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Total liabilities assumed
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other liabilities due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities
 Other,
        terseLabel: Other liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Other Noncurrent Assets,
        terseLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r375,
      r376
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment,
        verboseLabel: Gross fixed assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.,
        label: Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed
 Net,
        terseLabel: Net assets acquired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Business Combinations [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r45,
      r114
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value,
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasuresAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of cash and cash equivalent balance.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member],
        verboseLabel: Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18,
      r115,
      r121,
      r465
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Entity's cash and cash equivalents accounting policy with respect to restricted balances.  Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Cash
 Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108,
      r114,
      r120
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents,
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108,
      r416
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)
 Including Exchange Rate Effect,
        totalLabel: Change in cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 common stock
 redeemable preferred stock
 nonredeemable preferred stock
 and convertible stock.,
        label: Class of Stock [Domain],
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfStockDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransaction,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefits,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsChangeInCarryingValueOfGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Leases,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesGrossValueOfAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactions,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfTreasuryStockTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r254,
      r255,
      r256,
      r257
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about treasury stock
 including
 but not limited to
 average cost per share
 description of share repurchase program
 shares repurchased
 shares held for each class of treasury stock.,
        label: Class of Treasury Stock [Table],
        terseLabel: Class of Treasury Stock [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfTreasuryStockTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockRepurchasesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r242,
      r244
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.,
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonClassAMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Classification of common stock representing ownership interest in a corporation.,
        label: Common Class A [Member],
        terseLabel: Common Class A,
        verboseLabel: Common Class A
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonClassAMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonClassBMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Classification of common stock that has different rights than Common Class A
 representing ownership interest in a corporation.,
        label: Common Class B [Member],
        terseLabel: Common Class B,
        verboseLabel: Common Class B
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonClassBMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.,
        label: Common Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.,
        label: Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share,
        terseLabel: Common Stock
 par value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.,
        label: Common Stock
 Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Common Stock
 shares authorized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.,
        label: Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued,
        terseLabel: Common Stock
 shares issued
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29,
      r248
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.,
        label: Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding,
        terseLabel: Common Stock
 shares outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 21.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.,
        label: Common Stock
 Value
 Issued,
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Retirement Benefits [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76,
      r78,
      r79
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Attributable to Parent,
        totalLabel: Comprehensive income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for comprehensive income
 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.,
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss) Note [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComputerEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long lived
 depreciable assets that are used in the creation
 maintenance and utilization of information systems.,
        label: Computer Equipment [Member],
        terseLabel: Computer Software and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComputerEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r165,
      r166,
      r414,
      r415
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.,
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r165,
      r166,
      r414,
      r415,
      r493
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.,
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r165,
      r166,
      r414,
      r415,
      r493
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk
 for example
 but not limited to
 asset
 liability
 net assets
 geographic
 customer
 employees
 supplier
 lender.,
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162,
      r477
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for credit risk.,
        label: Concentration Risk
 Credit Risk
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Concentrations of Credit Risk
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r165,
      r166,
      r414,
      r415
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark
 identifies the type (for example
 asset
 liability
 net assets
 geographic
 customer
 employees
 supplier
 lender) of the concentration.,
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121,
      r392,
      r400,
      r402
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.,
        label: Consolidation
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Principles of Consolidation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r233
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.,
        label: Construction in Progress
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Assets under construction
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConstructionInProgressGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r258,
      r259,
      r262
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.,
        label: Contract with Customer
 Liability
 Current,
        terseLabel: Refundable deposits on kegs and pallets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligation: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation
 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.,
        label: Contractual Obligation,
        totalLabel: Contractual obligations payment due
 total,
        verboseLabel: Contractual obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation
 Due after Fifth Year,
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFifthYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation
 Due in Fifth Year,
        terseLabel: Contractual obligations payment due
 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInFifthYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation
 Due in Fourth Year,
        terseLabel: Contractual obligations payment due
 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation Due In Next Twelve Months,
        terseLabel: Contractual obligations payment due
 2020,
        verboseLabel: Capital improvement
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation
 Due in Second Year,
        terseLabel: Contractual obligations payment due
 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation
 Due in Third Year,
        terseLabel: Contractual obligations payment due
 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r117,
      r118,
      r119
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares converted in a noncash (or part noncash) transaction. Noncash is defined as transactions during a period that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. \Part noncash\ refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.,
        label: Conversion of Stock
 Shares Converted,
        terseLabel: Conversion of Class B Common Stock into Class A Common Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.,
        label: Cost of Goods and Services Sold,
        terseLabel: Cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing cost of sales.,
        label: Cost of Sales [Member],
        terseLabel: Cost of Sales [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfSalesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r264
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cost of product sold and service rendered.,
        label: Cost of Sales
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Cost of Goods Sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.,
        label: Credit Facility [Axis],
        terseLabel: Credit Facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.,
        label: Credit Facility [Domain],
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOnRetainedEarningsNetOfTax1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cumulative effect on retained earnings net of related income tax effect.,
        label: Cumulative Effect on Retained Earnings
 Net of Tax,
        verboseLabel: One time effect of adoption of ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 net of tax of $329
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CumulativeEffectOnRetainedEarningsNetOfTax1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOnRetainedEarningsTax1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the related income tax effect of a cumulative effect on retained earnings.,
        label: Cumulative Effect on Retained Earnings
 Tax,
        verboseLabel: One time effect of adoption of ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CumulativeEffectOnRetainedEarningsTax1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124,
      r359,
      r363
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124,
      r359,
      r363
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        totalLabel: Total current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Continuing Operations [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124,
      r359,
      r363
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer relationship that exists between an entity and its customer
 for example
 but not limited to
 tenant relationships.,
        label: Customer Relationships [Member],
        terseLabel: Customer Relationships
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomerRelationshipsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.,
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Revolving Line of Credit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCredit
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate,
        terseLabel: Basis spread on variable rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55,
      r246,
      r418
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective interest rate for the funds borrowed under the debt agreement considering interest compounding and original issue discount or premium.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Effective Percentage,
        terseLabel: Debt interest rate at end of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage,
        terseLabel: Interest expense rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Debt Instrument [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56,
      r126,
      r249,
      r250,
      r251,
      r252,
      r417,
      r418,
      r419,
      r476
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company
 if longer.,
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r188
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt instrument issued by corporations
 governments and governmental agencies
 municipalities
 and other institutions.,
        label: Debt Securities [Member],
        terseLabel: Debt Securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtSecuritiesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124,
      r360,
      r363
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred Federal
 State and Local
 Tax Expense (Benefit),
        totalLabel: Total deferred
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112,
      r124,
      r360,
      r363
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 24.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Continuing Operations [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Deferred:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25,
      r26,
      r351,
      r467,
      r478
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross,
        negatedTotalLabel: Total deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income and obligation to transfer product and service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.,
        label: Deferred Revenue
 Current,
        terseLabel: Deferred revenue,
        verboseLabel: Deferred Revenue
 Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredRevenueCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124,
      r360,
      r363
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330,
      r357,
      r358
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible capital loss carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Capital Loss Carryforwards,
        terseLabel: Deferred tax assets capital loss carryforward
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Gross,
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330,
      r357,
      r358
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from inventory.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Inventory,
        terseLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInventory,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r353
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Net of Valuation Allowance,
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Net [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Deferred tax assets:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330,
      r357,
      r358
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Other,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329,
      r357,
      r358
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits
 Share-based Compensation Cost,
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329,
      r357,
      r358
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from accrued liabilities.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Accrued Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r354
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation Allowance,
        negatedLabel: Valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r335,
      r355
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Net,
        negatedTotalLabel: Net deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Deferred tax liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334,
      r335,
      r336
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 17.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Net
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 11.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax consequences attributable to taxable temporary differences derived from prepaid expenses.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Prepaid Expenses,
        negatedLabel: Prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330,
      r357,
      r358
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Property
 Plant and Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r275
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered
 excluding assumptions about future compensation level.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation,
        terseLabel: Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Discount Rate,
        terseLabel: Benefit obligation
 discount rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r278
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate increase of compensation
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Rate of Compensation Increase,
        terseLabel: Benefit obligation
 rate of compensation increase
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Expected Long-term Rate of Return on Plan Assets,
        terseLabel: Assumed average annual returns on assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r273,
      r274,
      r280,
      r286
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by defined benefit plan asset investment.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Asset Categories [Axis],
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan
 Asset Categories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer: {
     auth_ref: [
      r269,
      r273,
      r274,
      r285,
      r286
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contribution received by defined benefit plan from employer which increases plan assets.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Contributions by Employer,
        terseLabel: Contribution amount by the company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268,
      r273,
      r274,
      r286
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets,
        terseLabel: Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267,
      r270
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of funded (unfunded) status of defined benefit plan
 measured as difference between fair value of plan assets and benefit obligation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 overfunded (underfunded) status.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Funded (Unfunded) Status of Plan,
        negatedLabel: Unfunded projected pension benefits,
        totalLabel: Unfunded Status
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r272,
      r286
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of target investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Target Allocation
 Percentage,
        terseLabel: Securities target allocation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r272
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of actual investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocations,
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan Weighted Average Asset Allocations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDisclosuresTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281,
      r282,
      r283,
      r284,
      r286
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosures and provisions pertaining to defined benefit pension plans or other postretirement defined benefit plans. The arrangements are generally based on terms and conditions stipulated by the entity
 and which contain a promise by the employer to pay certain amounts or awards at designated future dates
 including a period after retirement
 upon compliance with stipulated requirements. Excludes disclosures pertaining to defined contribution plans.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table],
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDisclosuresTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Table Text Block [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Table Text Block [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Description of defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Description,
        terseLabel: Eligibility timing
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan.,
        label: Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount,
        terseLabel: Contributions Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of employees' gross pay for which the employer contributes a matching contribution to a defined contribution plan.,
        label: Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent of Employees' Gross Pay,
        terseLabel: Employer matching contribution percentage
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage employer matches of the employee's percentage contribution matched.,
        label: Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent of Match,
        verboseLabel: Employer match percentage
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum percentage of employee gross pay the employee may contribute to a defined contribution plan.,
        label: Defined Contribution Plan
 Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Voluntary contributions of annual compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Depreciation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112,
      r232
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation.,
        label: Depreciation,
        terseLabel: Depreciation expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Depreciation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112,
      r172
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 22.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.,
        label: Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization,
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesEffectOnBasicEarningsPerShareOther: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) to net income used for calculating diluted earnings per share (EPS)
 resulting from the assumed exercise of dilutive convertible securities excluding adjustments related to ESOP convertible preferred stock
 stock options
 and restrictive stock units.,
        label: Dilutive Securities
 Effect on Basic Earnings Per Share
 Dilutive Convertible Securities,
        terseLabel: Earnings to Common Shareholders
 Class B Common Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DilutiveSecuritiesEffectOnBasicEarningsPerShareOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r327
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Common Stock and Share-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensation
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84,
      r136,
      r144,
      r149,
      r150,
      r151,
      r155,
      r475,
      r489
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Basic,
        positiveLabel: Net income per share \u2014 basic,
        presentationGuidance: Net income per common share \u2014 basic,
        terseLabel: Net income per common share \u2014 basic,
        verboseLabel: Net income per common share \u2014 basic
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Basic [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Net income per share for basic:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Basic
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share
 Basic
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84,
      r136,
      r144,
      r149,
      r150,
      r151,
      r155,
      r475,
      r489
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Diluted,
        positiveLabel: Net income per share \u2014 diluted,
        terseLabel: Net income per common share \u2014 diluted,
        verboseLabel: Net income per common share \u2014 diluted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121,
      r152,
      r153,
      r154
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.,
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Net Income Per Share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.,
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Net Income per Share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShare
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r128,
      r337,
      r338
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent,
        totalLabel: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337,
      r338,
      r362
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Statutory rate,
        verboseLabel: Statutory income tax rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337,
      r338,
      r362
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Change in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337,
      r338,
      r362
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the income tax rates.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Enacted Tax Rate
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Change relating to enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsEmployeeStockOwnershipPlanDividends: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337,
      r338,
      r362
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deduction for dividend paid to employee stock ownership plan.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Deduction
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan Dividend
 Percent,
        negatedLabel: Deduction relating to excess stock based compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsEmployeeStockOwnershipPlanDividends,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337,
      r338,
      r362
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deduction for qualified production activity.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity
 Percent,
        negatedLabel: Deduction relating to U.S. production activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseMealsAndEntertainment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337,
      r338,
      r362
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to meals and entertainment expense.,
        label: Non-deductablemeals &amp; entertainment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseMealsAndEntertainment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337,
      r338,
      r362
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Other Adjustments
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337,
      r338,
      r362
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 State and Local Income Taxes
 Percent,
        terseLabel: State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationsToStatutoryRatesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Employee-related Liabilities
 Current,
        terseLabel: Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Compensation Cost [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost not yet recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized compensation costs,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
 Period for Recognition,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized compensation costs
 weighted average period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromExerciseOfStockOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r323
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax benefit from exercise of option under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Tax Benefit from Exercise of Stock Options,
        terseLabel: Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation arrangements recognized within income tax provision
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromExerciseOfStockOptions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockRepurchasesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r248
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common
 preferred
 treasury stock
 retained earnings
 etc.,
        label: Equity Component [Domain],
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityComponentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of equity interests that are issued or issuable in a business combination.,
        label: Equity Interest Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r386
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of equity interest issued or issuable to acquire an entity in a business combination.,
        label: Equity Interest Issued or Issuable
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19,
      r22,
      r188,
      r471,
      r480,
      r494
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ownership interest or right to acquire or dispose of ownership interest in corporations and other legal entities for which ownership interest is represented by shares of common or preferred stock
 convertible securities
 stock rights
 or stock warrants.,
        label: Equity Securities [Member],
        terseLabel: Equity Securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquitySecuritiesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementByRestatementPeriodAndAmountAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138,
      r139,
      r140
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of error correction.,
        label: Adjustments for Error Corrections [Axis],
        terseLabel: Adjustments for Error Corrections [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementByRestatementPeriodAndAmountAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasuresAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r407,
      r408,
      r409,
      r411
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about asset and liability measured at fair value on recurring and nonrecurring basis.,
        label: Fair Value Measurements
 Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table],
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measurements
 Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasuresAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueDisclosuresAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r410
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.,
        label: Fair Value Disclosures [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasures
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121,
      r412,
      r413
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments.,
        label: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r426,
      r432
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest paid on finance lease liability.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Interest Payment on Liability,
        terseLabel: Interest on lease liabilities,
        verboseLabel: Operating cash flows from finance leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseCostDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        definitionGuidance: Finance Lease Liabilities
 Payments
 Due,
        label: Finance Lease Liabilities
 Payments
 Due [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r423,
      r437
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Liability,
        terseLabel: Present value of lease liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r423
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as current.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Liability
 Current,
        terseLabel: Finance lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r423
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as noncurrent.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Liability
 Noncurrent,
        verboseLabel: Finance lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due,
        totalLabel: Total lease payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 12.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease
 due after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due after Year Five,
        verboseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease
 due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Next Twelve Months,
        verboseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 11.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease
 due in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Five,
        verboseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease
 due in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Four,
        verboseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease
 due in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Three,
        verboseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease
 due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Two,
        verboseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Liability
 Undiscounted Excess Amount,
        negatedTerseLabel: Less imputed interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r425,
      r432
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for principal payment on finance lease.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Principal Payments,
        terseLabel: Financing cash flows from finance leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r422
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesGrossValueOfAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssetsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under finance lease.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset,
        terseLabel: Finance,
        totalLabel: Finance Lease
 Carrying value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesGrossValueOfAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r424,
      r429,
      r438
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense attributable to right-of-use asset from finance lease.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset
 Amortization,
        terseLabel: Amortization of right-of-use asset
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseCostDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r435,
      r438
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for finance lease calculated at point in time.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Weighted Average Discount Rate
 Percent
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r434,
      r438
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for finance lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Finance Lease
 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189,
      r191,
      r192,
      r193,
      r194,
      r195,
      r196,
      r197,
      r198
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of financial instrument.,
        label: Financial Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinancialInstrumentAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life,
        terseLabel: Estimated Useful Life,
        verboseLabel: Useful life Of Finite Lived Intangibles
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Accumulated Amortization,
        terseLabel: Accumulated Amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Next Twelve Months,
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Five,
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Four,
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Three,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense
 Year Two,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r217,
      r220,
      r224,
      r228,
      r451
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by major type or class of finite-lived intangible assets.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r217,
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The major class of finite-lived intangible asset (for example
 patents
 trademarks
 copyrights
 etc.) A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar
 either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.,
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Major Class Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FiscalPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389,
      r399,
      r401
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date
 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.,
        label: Fiscal Period
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Fiscal Year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FiscalPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r233
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.,
        label: Furniture and Fixtures
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Office equipment and furniture
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FurnitureAndFixturesGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.,
        label: Furniture and Fixtures [Member],
        terseLabel: Office Equipment and Furniture
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FurnitureAndFixturesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 25.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.,
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 11.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.,
        label: General and Administrative Expense,
        terseLabel: General and administrative expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing general and administrative expense.,
        label: General and Administrative Expense [Member],
        terseLabel: General and administrative expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Goodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207,
      r209
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        definitionGuidance: Goodwill acquired,
        documentation: Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.,
        label: Goodwill,
        periodEndLabel: Goodwill as of end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Goodwill as of beginning of period,
        terseLabel: Goodwill,
        verboseLabel: Excess of the purchase price paid over the estimated fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Goodwill,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsChangeInCarryingValueOfGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r210
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized resulting from a business combination.,
        label: Goodwill
 Acquired During Period,
        terseLabel: Acquired goodwill
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsChangeInCarryingValueOfGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r229
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for goodwill and intangible assets.,
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssets
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121,
      r212,
      r221
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill and intangible assets. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.,
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112,
      r208,
      r211,
      r213
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from the write-down of an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.,
        label: Goodwill
 Impairment Loss,
        terseLabel: Impairment of goodwill
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GoodwillImpairmentLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsChangeInCarryingValueOfGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.,
        label: Gross Profit,
        terseLabel: Gross profit,
        totalLabel: Gross profit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GrossProfit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82,
      r136,
      r464,
      r473,
      r490
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes
 Noncontrolling Interest,
        totalLabel: Income before provision for income tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.,
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs
 by Report Line
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.,
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain],
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r342
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by tax jurisdiction.,
        label: Income Tax Authority [Axis],
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agency
 division or body classification that levies income taxes
 examines tax returns for compliance
 or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.,
        label: Income Tax Authority [Domain],
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.,
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationDescription: {
     auth_ref: [
      r341
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A brief description of status of the tax examination
 significant findings to date
 and the entity's position with respect to the findings.,
        label: Income Tax Examination
 Description,
        terseLabel: Income tax return examination
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationDescription,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124,
      r173,
      r365
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 16.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        definitionGuidance: Total provision for income taxes,
        disclosureGuidance: Income tax benefit,
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.,
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Income tax expense,
        verboseLabel: Provision for income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SignificantComponentsOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80,
      r121,
      r332,
      r333,
      r349,
      r350,
      r356,
      r366,
      r495
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.,
        label: Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.,
        label: Income Taxes Paid
 Net,
        terseLabel: Income taxes paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaidNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59,
      r472,
      r487
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.,
        label: Income Taxes Receivable
 Current,
        terseLabel: Income tax receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 18.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable,
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 15.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable,
        negatedLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherOperatingLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 19.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in accrued expenses
 and obligations classified as other.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities and Other Operating Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherOperatingLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Contract with Customer
 Liability,
        terseLabel: Decrease in refundable deposits for lost kegs and pallets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 16.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Inventories,
        negatedLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 20.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in operating liabilities classified as other.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Other Operating Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Other liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 17.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets,
        negatedLabel: Prepaid expenses
 income tax receivable and other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements: {
     auth_ref: [
      r145,
      r153
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method.,
        label: Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Share-based Payment Arrangements,
        verboseLabel: Add: effect of dilutive potential common shares Share-based awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r219,
      r227
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type or class of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.,
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r219,
      r227
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The major class of indefinite-lived intangible asset (for example
 trade names
 etc. but not all-inclusive)
 excluding goodwill. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar
 either by their nature or by their use in the operations of the company.,
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets
 Major Class Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated amortization of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill.,
        label: Intangible Assets
 Gross (Excluding Goodwill),
        verboseLabel: Gross\u00a0Carrying Value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r215,
      r222
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 11.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.,
        label: Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill),
        terseLabel: Net Book Value,
        verboseLabel: Intangible assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 14.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net amount of nonoperating interest income (expense).,
        label: Interest Income (Expense)
 Nonoperating
 Net,
        terseLabel: Interest income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106,
      r109,
      r116
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.,
        label: Interest Paid
 Excluding Capitalized Interest
 Operating Activities,
        terseLabel: Interest paid on revolving credit facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestPaidNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryCurrentTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about inventory expected to be sold or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory
 Current [Table],
        terseLabel: Inventory
 Current [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryCurrentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r204
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.,
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Inventories
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37,
      r203
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.,
        label: Inventory
 Finished Goods
 Net of Reserves,
        terseLabel: Finished goods
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Inventory [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Inventory [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3,
      r60,
      r199
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: sam_InventoryCurrentAndNoncurrentNet,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory
 Net,
        terseLabel: Inventories,
        totalLabel: Total current inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory
 Net [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current inventory:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryNetAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r62
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: sam_InventoryCurrentAndNoncurrentNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventories not expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within the normal operating cycle.,
        label: Inventory
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Long term inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r17,
      r61,
      r121,
      r157,
      r200,
      r202
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.,
        label: Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Inventories and Provision for Excess or Expired Inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39,
      r203
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.,
        label: Inventory
 Raw Materials
 Net of Reserves,
        terseLabel: Raw materials
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserveMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reserve to reduce inventory to lower of cost or net realizable value.,
        label: Inventory Valuation Reserve [Member],
        terseLabel: Inventory Obsolescence Reserve
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryValuationReserveMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38,
      r203
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount
 net of reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed. This inventory is generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.,
        label: Inventory
 Work in Process
 Net of Reserves,
        terseLabel: Work in process
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown: {
     auth_ref: [
      r201
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.,
        label: Inventory Write-down,
        terseLabel: Provision for excess or expired inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryWriteDown,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Land: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12,
      r47
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
 excluding land held for sale.,
        label: Land,
        terseLabel: Land
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Land,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by group of related lease arrangements. For example
 but not limited to
 leases grouped by facility or contractual terms.,
        label: Lease Arrangement
 Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Lease Arrangement
 Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseArrangementTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Group of related lease arrangements. For example
 but not limited to
 leases grouped by facility or contractual terms.,
        label: Lease Arrangement
 Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Lease Arrangement
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseArrangementTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r436,
      r438
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease cost recognized by lessee for lease contract.,
        label: Lease
 Cost,
        verboseLabel: Total finance lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseCostDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseCostAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Lease
 Cost [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseCostAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r436
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.,
        label: Lease
 Cost [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Components of lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13,
      r233
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of additions or improvements to assets held under a lease arrangement.,
        label: Leasehold Improvements
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Leasehold improvements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseholdImprovementsGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r233
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additions or improvements to assets held under a lease arrangement.,
        label: Leasehold Improvements [Member],
        terseLabel: Leasehold Improvements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseholdImprovementsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeasesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Leases [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeasesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r420
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.,
        label: Leases of Lessee Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Leases
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due,
        terseLabel: Total payments due,
        totalLabel: Total lease payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due after Year Five,
        verboseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Next Twelve Months,
        verboseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Five,
        verboseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Four,
        verboseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Three,
        verboseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due Year Two,
        verboseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Undiscounted Excess Amount,
        negatedLabel: Less imputed interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract: {
     auth_ref: [
      r428
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Term of Contract,
        terseLabel: Lease term of contract
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Liabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 12.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.,
        label: Liabilities,
        totalLabel: Total liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Liabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35,
      r470,
      r485
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.,
        label: Liabilities and Equity,
        totalLabel: Total liabilities and stockholders' equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities and Equity [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 13.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Liabilities
 Current,
        totalLabel: Total current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities
 Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current Liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23,
      r468,
      r479
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.,
        label: Long-term Line of Credit,
        terseLabel: Credit facility
 borrowing outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.,
        label: Line of Credit Facility
 Commitment Fee Percentage,
        terseLabel: Commitment fee
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.,
        label: Line of Credit Facility
 Current Borrowing Capacity,
        terseLabel: Line of credit
 current borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.,
        label: Line of Credit Facility
 Expiration Date,
        terseLabel: Line of credit
 expiration date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time
 and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term
 depending upon the particulars.,
        label: Line of Credit [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate at which a bank borrows funds from other banks in the London interbank market.,
        label: London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) [Member],
        terseLabel: LIBOR rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by category of items purchased under a long-term purchase commitment.,
        label: Category of Item Purchased [Axis],
        terseLabel: Category of Item Purchased
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentCategoryOfItemPurchasedDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: General description of the goods or services to be purchased from the counterparty to the long-term purchase commitment.,
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Category of Item Purchased [Domain],
        terseLabel: Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Category of Item Purchased [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentCategoryOfItemPurchasedDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56,
      r245
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement
 such as notes
 line of credit
 commercial paper
 asset-based financing
 project financing
 letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company
 if longer.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13,
      r233
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.,
        label: Machinery and Equipment
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Machinery and plant equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.,
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member],
        terseLabel: Equipment and machinery
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.,
        label: Marketing and Advertising Expense,
        terseLabel: Advertising and sales promotional expenditures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Investment in short-term money-market instruments (such as commercial paper
 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and so forth) which are highly liquid (that is
 readily convertible to known amounts of cash) and so near their maturity that they present an insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents by definition. Original maturity means an original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.,
        label: Money Market Funds
 at Carrying Value,
        terseLabel: Money market fund
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasuresAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r273
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fund that invests in short-term money-market instruments
 for example
 but not limited to
 commercial paper
 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and other highly liquid securities.,
        label: Money Market Funds [Member],
        terseLabel: Money market funds
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MoneyMarketFundsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash used in investing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Cash flows used in investing activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108,
      r110,
      r113
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 14.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Cash flows provided by operating activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74,
      r77,
      r83,
      r113,
      r153,
      r474,
      r488
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.,
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent,
        terseLabel: Net income,
        totalLabel: Net income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r136,
      r142
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.,
        label: Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders
 Basic,
        terseLabel: Allocation of net income for basic common stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders
 Basic [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Allocation of net income for basic:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142,
      r143
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities
 and addition from assumption of issuance of common shares for dilutive potential common shares; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.,
        label: Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders
 Diluted,
        terseLabel: Earnings to Common Shareholders
 Net income per common share \u2014 diluted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectOfChangeOnNetIncome: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134,
      r137
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 20.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the effect of a change in accounting principle on net income.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle
 Effect of Change on Net Income,
        terseLabel: Impact of ASU 2018-02
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectOfChangeOnNetIncome,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 13.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).,
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense),
        totalLabel: Total other (expense) income
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonrecurringAdjustmentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r372
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information about material and nonrecurring adjustment directly attributable to the business combination(s) included in the reported pro forma revenue and earnings (supplemental pro forma information).,
        label: Nonrecurring Adjustment [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonrecurringAdjustmentAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonrecurringAdjustmentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r372
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Material
 nonrecurring adjustment(s) allocated (included) to (in) reported pro forma revenue and earnings (supplemental pro forma information).,
        label: Nonrecurring Adjustment [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonrecurringAdjustmentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingExpenses: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.,
        label: Operating Expenses,
        totalLabel: Total operating expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingExpenses,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Expenses [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Operating expenses:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingExpensesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.,
        label: Operating Income (Loss),
        terseLabel: Operating income,
        totalLabel: Operating income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r430,
      r438
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Cost,
        terseLabel: Operating lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseCostDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Lease Liabilities
 Payments Due [Abstract],
        verboseLabel: Operating Leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r423
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability,
        terseLabel: Present value of lease liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r423
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 16.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        definitionGuidance: Operating lease liabilities,
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability
 Current,
        verboseLabel: Current operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r423
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 19.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Operating lease liabilities,
        verboseLabel: Non-current operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r427,
      r432
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Payments,
        verboseLabel: Operating cash flows from operating leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasePayments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r422
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        definitionGuidance: Operating lease right of use asset,
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset,
        terseLabel: Operating,
        verboseLabel: Operating right-of-use assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r435,
      r438
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Weighted Average Discount Rate
 Percent
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r434,
      r438
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term,
        terseLabel: Lease Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1,
      r403
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.,
        label: Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Organization and Basis of Presentation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentation
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14,
      r15,
      r16,
      r53
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other Accrued Liabilities
 Current,
        terseLabel: Other accrued liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other miscellaneous assets expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other Assets
 Miscellaneous
 Current,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsMiscellaneousCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.,
        label: Other Assets
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64,
      r66,
      r390,
      r395
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 19.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan
 attributable to parent.,
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Tax and Reclassification Adjustment
 Attributable to Parent,
        negatedLabel: Defined benefit plans liability adjustment,
        negatedTerseLabel: Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansTaxPortionAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r390,
      r391,
      r395
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after reclassification adjustment
 of tax (expense) benefit for (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan
 attributable to parent.,
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment
 Tax
 Attributable to Parent,
        terseLabel: Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r390,
      r391,
      r395
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 18.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to parent entity.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent,
        terseLabel: Currency translation adjustment,
        verboseLabel: Currency translation adjustment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive (loss) income
 net of tax:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75,
      r78,
      r390,
      r391,
      r395
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 17.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent entity.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent,
        totalLabel: Total other comprehensive (loss) income
 net of tax:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64,
      r66
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after tax
 before reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).,
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 before Reclassification Adjustment
 after Tax,
        negatedLabel: Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64,
      r67,
      r390
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before reclassification adjustment
 of tax (expense) benefit for (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan.,
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 before Reclassification Adjustment
 Tax,
        terseLabel: Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66,
      r71,
      r72,
      r276
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after tax
 of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for net periodic benefit cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 after Tax,
        terseLabel: Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67,
      r390
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax (expense) benefit for reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Tax,
        terseLabel: Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherCostOfOperatingRevenue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other costs incurred during the reporting period related to other revenue generating activities.,
        label: Other Cost of Operating Revenue,
        terseLabel: Reduction in revenue related to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherCostOfOperatingRevenue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404,
      r406
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other liabilities.,
        label: Other Liabilities [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 18.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other Liabilities
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Other liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 15.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.,
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense),
        terseLabel: Other expense
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Other (expense) income
 net:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r266,
      r281,
      r282,
      r287
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan designed to provide other postretirement benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Excludes pension benefits.,
        label: Other Postretirement Benefits Plan [Member],
        terseLabel: Retiree Medical Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5,
      r10
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for other costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid software expense,
        terseLabel: Prepaid software expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Payables and Accruals [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96,
      r99,
      r130
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash (inflow) outflow from investing activities classified as other.,
        label: Payments for (Proceeds from) Other Investing Activities,
        negatedLabel: Other investing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period.,
        label: Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock,
        negatedLabel: Repurchase of Class\u00a0A Common Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessTwoNetOfCashAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with a second acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.,
        label: Payments to Acquire Business Two
 Net of Cash Acquired,
        negatedLabel: Investment in Dogfish Head
 net of cash acquired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireBusinessTwoNetOfCashAcquired,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97,
      r385
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period. The cash portion only of the acquisition price.,
        label: Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross,
        presentationGuidance: Cash consideration,
        terseLabel: Business acquisition cash transferred
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.,
        label: Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Net of Cash Acquired,
        negatedLabel: Cash paid for acquisition of intangible assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.,
        label: Payments to Acquire Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Purchases of property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToSuppliers: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r105
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payments of cash to suppliers for goods and services during the current period.,
        label: Payments to Suppliers,
        terseLabel: Amounts paid to distributors
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToSuppliers,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r288
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for pension and other postretirement benefits.,
        label: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Disclosure [Text Block],
        verboseLabel: Employee Retirement Plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefits
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PensionExpense: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost (reversal of cost) for pension benefits. Excludes other postretirement benefits.,
        label: Pension Cost (Reversal of Cost),
        terseLabel: Pension contributions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PensionExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r265,
      r281,
      r282,
      r287
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan designed to provide participant with pension benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Excludes other postretirement benefits.,
        label: Pension Plan [Member],
        terseLabel: Pension Benefit Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PlanAssetCategoriesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined benefit plan asset investment.,
        label: Plan Asset Categories [Domain],
        terseLabel: Plan Asset Categories [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanAssetCategoriesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Local1199PlansWeightedAverageAssetAllocationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292,
      r322
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by plan name for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanNameAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan name for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Postemployment Benefits [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising: {
     auth_ref: [
      r8
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration paid in advance for advertising that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Advertising,
        terseLabel: Prepaid advertising
 promotional and selling
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidAdvertising,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9,
      r43,
      r44
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Expense and Other Assets
 Current,
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets,
        totalLabel: Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets,
        verboseLabel: Capital improvements included in prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing prepaid expenses and other current assets.,
        label: Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Member],
        verboseLabel: Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6,
      r10,
      r205,
      r206
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for insurance that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Insurance,
        terseLabel: Prepaid insurance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidInsurance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r7,
      r10,
      r205,
      r206
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for income and other taxes that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Taxes,
        terseLabel: Excise and other tax receivables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrimeRateMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate charged by financial institutions to their most creditworthy borrowers.,
        label: Prime Rate [Member],
        terseLabel: Alternative Prime Rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrimeRateMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110,
      r116
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash received during the period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.,
        label: Proceeds from Income Tax Refunds,
        terseLabel: Income taxes refunded
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101,
      r127
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 12.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.,
        label: Proceeds from Lines of Credit,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from Line of Credit,
        verboseLabel: Cash borrowed on line of credit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.,
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        verboseLabel: Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100,
      r323
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from exercise of option under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Proceeds from Stock Options Exercised,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from exercise of stock options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProfitLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74,
      r77,
      r107,
      r174,
      r176,
      r390,
      r393,
      r394,
      r397,
      r398
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 29.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.,
        label: Net Income (Loss)
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest,
        terseLabel: Net income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProfitLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48,
      r235
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived
 physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r238
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121,
      r230
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives,
        terseLabel: Estimated useful life
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47,
      r233
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross,
        totalLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGrossPeriodIncreaseDecrease: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) of long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
 Period Increase (Decrease),
        terseLabel: Decrease in gross property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGrossPeriodIncreaseDecrease,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20,
      r21,
      r235,
      r486
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
 net,
        totalLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetExcludingCapitalLeasedAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47,
      r233
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets excluding assets held under lease agreements used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
 Excluding Capital Leased Assets,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
 net
 excluding capital leased assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetExcludingCapitalLeasedAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46,
      r121,
      r235
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20,
      r235
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20,
      r233
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life,
        terseLabel: Estimated useful life
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86,
      r190
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 26.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for expected credit loss on accounts receivable.,
        label: Accounts Receivable
 Credit Loss Expense (Reversal),
        terseLabel: Bad debt expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24,
      r469,
      r482
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by arrangement
 in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services from one or more suppliers.,
        label: Purchase Commitment
 Excluding Long-term Commitment [Axis],
        terseLabel: Purchase Commitment
 Excluding Long-term Commitment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24,
      r469,
      r482
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This item is intended to be populated
 by the entity
 with Members identifying each purchase commitment about which information required or determined to be disclosed is being provided. If only one such commitment exists
 this item may be used to capture such information; if multiple commitments exist
 this item is the dimensional default
 which will aggregate such information
 as appropriate.,
        label: Purchase Commitment
 Excluding Long-term Commitment [Domain],
        terseLabel: Purchase Commitment
 Excluding Long-term Commitment [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PurchaseCommitmentExcludingLongtermCommitmentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligation: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum amount of purchase arrangement in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services from a supplier.,
        label: Purchase Obligation,
        terseLabel: Purchase commitments outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PurchaseObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.,
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Quarterly Results (Unaudited)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnaudited
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67,
      r72,
      r364
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).,
        label: Reclassification from AOCI
 Current Period
 Tax,
        verboseLabel: One time effect of adoption of ASU 2018-02
 Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r241
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the recorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example
 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).,
        label: Recorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation,
        terseLabel: Purchase commitments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89,
      r129
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Direct costs arising from transactions with related parties who are not affiliates or joint Ventures. These costs are categorized as cost of goods sold.,
        label: Related Party Costs,
        verboseLabel: Related party expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyCosts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related parties include affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners
 management
 and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.,
        label: Related Party [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty: {
     auth_ref: [
      r439
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expenses recognized resulting from transactions (excluding transactions that are eliminated in consolidated or combined financial statements) with related party.,
        label: Related Party Transaction
 Expenses from Transactions with Related Party,
        terseLabel: Transaction with related party expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Related Party Transaction [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Related Party Transactions [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r280,
      r440,
      r442,
      r452,
      r453,
      r454,
      r455,
      r456,
      r457,
      r458,
      r459,
      r460,
      r461,
      r462,
      r463
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of related party. Related parties include
 but not limited to
 affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners
 management
 and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.,
        label: Related Party [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NonCancelableContractualObligationsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.,
        label: Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Related Party Transactions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactions
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for short-term and long-term debt and lease obligation.,
        label: Repayments of Debt and Capital Lease Obligations,
        negatedLabel: Net cash paid on note payable and finance leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RepaymentsOfDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103,
      r127
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 13.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.,
        label: Repayments of Lines of Credit,
        negatedLabel: Cash paid on line of credit,
        terseLabel: Repayment of Line of Credit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18,
      r114,
      r120,
      r465,
      r483
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents,
        terseLabel: Restricted cash
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of cash and cash equivalent. Cash is currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock including a provision that prohibits sale or substantive sale of an equity instrument for a specified period of time or until specified performance conditions are met.,
        label: Restricted Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock Awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32,
      r253,
      r484
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 24.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit),
        terseLabel: Retained earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings [Member],
        terseLabel: Retained Earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r282
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of plan designed to provide retirement benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal name of defined benefit and defined contribution plans.,
        label: Retirement Plan Name [Axis],
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetirementPlanNameAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r282
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of plan designed to provide retirement benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal name of defined benefit and defined contribution plans.,
        label: Retirement Plan Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetirementPlanNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r265,
      r266,
      r281,
      r282,
      r287
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of retirement benefit plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans
 and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.,
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r265,
      r266,
      r281,
      r282,
      r287
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of plan designed to provide participants with retirement benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans
 and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.,
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FundedStatusOfLocal1199PensionPlanAndRetireeMedicalPlanDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r260,
      r261
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Revenues,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.,
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer
 Including Assessed Tax,
        verboseLabel: Revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122,
      r123
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue. Includes revenue from contract with customer and from other sources.,
        label: Revenue Recognition
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Revenue Recognition and Classification of Customer Programs and Incentives
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Revenues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81,
      r170,
      r171,
      r175
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).,
        label: Revenues,
        terseLabel: Net revenue,
        totalLabel: Net revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Revenues,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments
 but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.,
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member],
        terseLabel: Revolving Credit Facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForFinanceLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r433,
      r438
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for finance lease liability.,
        label: Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Finance Lease Liability,
        terseLabel: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForFinanceLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r433,
      r438
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability.,
        label: Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Operating Lease Liability,
        verboseLabel: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15,
      r50
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred through that date and payable for statutory sales and use taxes
 including value added tax. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Sales and Excise Tax Payable
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued excise taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.,
        label: Schedule of Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).,
        label: Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r271
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include
 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.,
        label: Schedule of Allocation of Plan Assets [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Local 1199 Plan's Weighted-Average Asset Allocations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefitsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.,
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Significant Components of Provisions for Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r355
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.,
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Significant Components of Company's Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144,
      r146,
      r151,
      r155
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The table contains disclosure pertaining to an entity's basic earnings per share.,
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicParentheticalDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144,
      r146,
      r151,
      r155
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the effect of income (loss) on basic earnings per share.,
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareDilutedByCommonClassTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90,
      r144,
      r146,
      r147,
      r151,
      r155
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the effect of income (loss) on an entity's diluted earnings per share.,
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Diluted
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Diluted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareDilutedByCommonClassTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.,
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Reconciliations to Statutory Rates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291,
      r320,
      r324
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about amount recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 amount expensed in statement of income or comprehensive income
 amount capitalized in statement of financial position
 and corresponding reporting line item in financial statements.,
        label: Schedule of Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291,
      r320,
      r324
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of allocation of amount expensed and capitalized for award under share-based payment arrangement to statement of income or comprehensive income and statement of financial position. Includes
 but is not limited to
 corresponding line item in financial statement.,
        label: Schedule of Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Stock-Based Compensation Expense Included in Operating Expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r212,
      r214
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of goodwill by reportable segment and in total which includes a rollforward schedule.,
        label: Schedule of Goodwill [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Change in carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r17,
      r40,
      r41,
      r42
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.,
        label: Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Components of Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/InventoriesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r270
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of net funded status of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.,
        label: Schedule of Net Funded Status [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Funded Status of Local 1199 Pension Plan and Retiree Medical Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefitsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48,
      r235
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EstimatedUsefulLivesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.,
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Quarterly Results
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnauditedTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amounts recognized as of the acquisition date for each major class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. May include but not limited to the following: (a) acquired receivables; (b) contingencies recognized at the acquisition date; and (c) the fair value of noncontrolling interests in the acquiree.,
        label: Schedule of Recognized Identified Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125,
      r440,
      r442,
      r443,
      r444,
      r445
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of quantitative and qualitative information pertaining to related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.,
        label: Schedule of Related Party Transactions
 by Related Party [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r305,
      r310,
      r313
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of activity for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding award at beginning and end of year
 granted
 exercised
 forfeited
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.,
        label: Share-based Compensation
 Activity [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Stock Options under Equity Plan and Non-Employee Director Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292,
      r322
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/WeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateFairValueOfStockOptionsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.,
        label: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Assumptions used to Estimate Fair Value of Stock Options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.,
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units Activity [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Vesting Activities of Shares Issued Under Investment Share Program and Restricted Stock Awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfTreasuryStockByClassTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r254,
      r255,
      r256,
      r257
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of treasury stock
 including
 but not limited to
 average cost per share
 description of share repurchase program
 shares repurchased
 shares held for each class of treasury stock.,
        label: Class of Treasury Stock [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Stock Repurchases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfTreasuryStockByClassTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedCompensationCostNonvestedAwardsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of cost not yet recognized and weighted-average period over which cost is expected to be recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Schedule of Unrecognized Compensation Cost
 Nonvested Awards [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Estimated Future Annual Stock-Based Compensation Expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfUnrecognizedCompensationCostNonvestedAwardsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amount of amortization expense expected to be recorded in succeeding fiscal years for finite-lived intangible assets.,
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of amortization expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses
 including transactions with other components of the same entity.,
        label: Segments [Domain],
        terseLabel: Segments [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for segment reporting.,
        label: Segment Reporting
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Segment Reporting
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total amount of expenses directly related to the marketing or selling of products or services.,
        label: Selling and Marketing Expense,
        terseLabel: Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses,
        verboseLabel: Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SellingAndMarketingExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing selling and marketing expense.,
        label: Selling and Marketing Expense [Member],
        terseLabel: Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SellingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expenses recognized in the period that are directly related to the selling and distribution of products or services.,
        label: Selling Expense,
        verboseLabel: Shipping costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SellingExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121,
      r328
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling
 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.,
        label: Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: General and Administrative Expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 23.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation,
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation,
        verboseLabel: Stock-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockBasedCompensationExpenseIncludedInOperatingExpensesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r293
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period,
        terseLabel: Vesting period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardDiscountFromMarketPricePurchaseDate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discount rate from fair value on purchase date that participants pay for shares.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Discount from Market Price
 Purchase Date,
        terseLabel: Discount from current market value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardDiscountFromMarketPricePurchaseDate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r304
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeited in Period,
        negatedLabel: Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        definitionGuidance: Share based compensation shares granted,
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period,
        terseLabel: Granted,
        verboseLabel: Other than options granted in period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Granted,
        verboseLabel: Weighted average fair value of stock awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r306
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number,
        periodEndLabel: Non-vested at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Non-vested at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r306
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        periodEndLabel: Non-vested at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Non-vested at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r308
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period,
        negatedLabel: Vested
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r308
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Vested
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsDiscountForPostvestingRestrictions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Restrictions on equity-based instruments during the vesting period
 such as the inability to transfer unvested awards
 are not taken into account in estimating the fair value of the award. However
 restrictions that remain in effect after an award is vested
 such as the inability to transfer or hedge vested options or a prohibition on the sale of outstanding vested shares (or other type of equity) for a period of time
 affect the estimate of an award's fair value.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Discount for Postvesting Restrictions,
        terseLabel: Discount for post-vesting restrictions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsDiscountForPostvestingRestrictions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/WeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateFairValueOfStockOptionsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r317
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Dividend Rate,
        terseLabel: Expected dividends
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/WeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateFairValueOfStockOptionsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r316
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate,
        terseLabel: Expected volatility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/WeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateFairValueOfStockOptionsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate,
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/WeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateFairValueOfStockOptionsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfEstimatedFutureAnnualStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfVestingActivitiesForInvestmentShareProgramAndRestrictedStockAwardsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/WeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedToEstimateFairValueOfStockOptionsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r294
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Shares reserved for issuance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Available for Grant,
        terseLabel: Shares available for grant
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Additional Disclosures [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r301
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Number,
        terseLabel: Exercisable at end of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r301
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Exercisable at end of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r312
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated difference between fair value of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options exercised (or share units converted) into shares.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised in period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Net number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Net of Forfeitures,
        terseLabel: Granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Options granted in period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r311
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the reporting period as calculated by applying the disclosed option pricing methodology.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Options granted in period - weighted average fair value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOtherIncreasesDecreasesInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The addition or reduction in the number of reserved shares that could potentially be issued under the option plan attributable to reasons other than grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and expirations during the reporting period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Other Increases (Decreases) in Period,
        terseLabel: Number of shares not included because the performance criteria was not expected to be met
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOtherIncreasesDecreasesInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of options outstanding.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Outstanding at end of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r300,
      r322
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Number,
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period,
        terseLabel: Stock option outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r299
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period,
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Exercise Price
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which current fair value of underlying stock exceeds exercise price of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Vested and expected to vest at end of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r314
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding that can be converted into shares under option plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding
 Number,
        terseLabel: Vested and expected to vest at end of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r314
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average exercise price
 at which grantee can acquire shares reserved for issuance
 for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Vested and expected to vest at end of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r290,
      r295
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Equity Award [Domain],
        terseLabel: Equity Award [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Exercised
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        verboseLabel: Granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121,
      r292,
      r296
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.,
        label: Share-based Compensation
 Option and Incentive Plans Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Stock-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionBySupplierAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by supplier.,
        label: Supplier [Axis],
        terseLabel: Supplier [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionBySupplierAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionSupplierDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Specific identification or general nature of (for example
 a construction contractor
 a consulting firm) the party from whom the goods or services were or are to be received.,
        label: Share-based Goods and Nonemployee Services Transaction
 Supplier [Domain],
        terseLabel: Share-based Goods and Nonemployee Services Transaction
 Supplier [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionSupplierDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Intrinsic value of outstanding award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding,
        verboseLabel: Share based compensation fair value of other than options outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Exercisable at end of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term,
        terseLabel: Exercisable at end of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r314
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term,
        terseLabel: Stock options
 contractual term,
        verboseLabel: Outstanding at end of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r314
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term,
        terseLabel: Vested and expected to vest at end of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r297
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested in Period
 Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Total fair value of options vested in period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options vested.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested
 Number of Shares,
        terseLabel: Option vested
 number of shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average grant-date fair value of options vested.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Option vested
 weighted average fair value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.,
        label: Shares
 Outstanding,
        periodEndLabel: Balance (in shares),
        periodStartLabel: Balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.,
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of a state or local government entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity.,
        label: State and Local Jurisdiction [Member],
        terseLabel: State and Local Jurisdiction
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0,
      r174,
      r212,
      r237,
      r239,
      r240,
      r491
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business segments.,
        label: Segments [Axis],
        terseLabel: Segments [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27,
      r28,
      r29,
      r248
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.,
        label: Class of Stock [Axis],
        terseLabel: Class of Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementClassOfStockAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CoverPage,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransaction,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefits,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsChangeInCarryingValueOfGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Leases,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesGrossValueOfAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactions,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58,
      r248
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.,
        label: Equity Components [Axis],
        terseLabel: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Statement [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilities,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensation,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransaction,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefits,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefitsTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasures,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsChangeInCarryingValueOfGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxes,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Inventories,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/InventoriesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Leases,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesGrossValueOfAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShare,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentation,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnaudited,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnauditedTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactions,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCredit,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SubsequentEvents,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccounts,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income
 Statement of Cash Flows
 Statement of Financial Position
 Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
 or other statement as needed.,
        label: Statement [Table],
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilities,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensation,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransaction,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionFairValueOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionUnauditedProformaInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefits,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAndPostRetirementMedicalBenefitsTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/FairValueMeasures,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsChangeInCarryingValueOfGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxes,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Inventories,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/InventoriesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/Leases,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesGrossValueOfAccumulatedDepreciationOfRightOfUseAssetsDetails,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesMaturitiesOfLeaseLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesRouAssetsAndLeaseLiabilitiesDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShare,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/NetIncomePerShareTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentation,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnaudited,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/QuarterlyResultsUnauditedTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactions,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCredit,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SubsequentEvents,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccounts,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockCompensationPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement in which award of equity shares are granted. Arrangement includes
 but is not limited to
 grantor incurring liability for product and service based on price of its shares.,
        label: Stock Compensation Plan [Member],
        terseLabel: Employee Stock Compensation Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockCompensationPlanMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/CommonStockAndShareBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssued1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r117,
      r118,
      r119
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fair value of stock issued in noncash financing activities.,
        label: Stock Issued,
        terseLabel: Non cash consideration issued in Dogfish Head Transaction
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssued1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28,
      r29,
      r253
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of stock issued during the period pursuant to acquisitions.,
        label: Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Acquisitions,
        terseLabel: Shares issued in connection with Dogfish Head merger (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28,
      r29,
      r248,
      r253,
      r303
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period,
        negatedLabel: Exercised,
        terseLabel: Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58,
      r248,
      r253
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of stock issued pursuant to acquisitions during the period.,
        label: Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Acquisitions,
        terseLabel: Shares issued in connection with Dogfish Head merger
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58,
      r248,
      r253
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of stock issued as a result of the exercise of stock options.,
        label: Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Stock Options Exercised,
        terseLabel: Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28,
      r29,
      r248,
      r253
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.,
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period
 Shares,
        negatedLabel: Repurchase of Class A Common Stock (in shares),
        terseLabel: Repurchases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockRepurchasesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28,
      r29,
      r248,
      r253
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.,
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period
 Value,
        negatedLabel: Repurchase of Class\u00a0A Common Stock,
        terseLabel: Repurchases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/StockRepurchasesDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29,
      r33,
      r34,
      r186
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 20.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.,
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent,
        periodEndLabel: Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Balance,
        totalLabel: Total stockholders' equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Stockholders' Equity:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event [Member],
        verboseLabel: Subsequent Event
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/EmployeeRetirementPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Subsequent Events [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.,
        label: Subsequent Events [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Subsequent Events
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SubsequentEvents
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r340,
      r348,
      r350
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities and other income tax contingencies. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest and penalties
 reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits
 unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate
 tax years that remain subject to examination by tax jurisdictions
 and information about positions for which it is reasonably possible that amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months.,
        label: Summary of Income Tax Contingencies [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReclassificationFromAociToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) for reclassification to retained earnings of tax effect from remeasurement of deferred tax pursuant to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.,
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings
 Tax Effect,
        verboseLabel: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings
 Tax Effect
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReclassificationFromAociToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Text Block [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TextBlockAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r181,
      r182,
      r183,
      r184,
      r185,
      r187
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for accounts receivable.,
        label: Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TradeNamesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r378
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rights acquired through registration of a business name to gain or protect exclusive use thereof.,
        label: Trade Names [Member],
        terseLabel: Trade Names
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradeNamesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/DogfishHeadBreweryTransactionAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialInstrumentsTypesOfFinancialInstrumentsDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r450
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Instrument or contract that imposes a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms and conveys a contractual right to receive cash or another financial instrument or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms.,
        label: Financial Instruments [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialInstrumentsTypesOfFinancialInstrumentsDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfStockOptionsUnderEmployeeEquityIncentivePlanAndStockOptionPlanForNonEmployeeDirectorsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adoption and early adoption of sources of change to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States. The FASB released the FASB Accounting Standards Codification as the authoritative source of literature effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009. As part of the Codification process
 the FASB issues Accounting Standards Updates to amend the Codification but otherwise the Accounting Standards Updates are not authoritative in their own right. All previous accounting standards (such as FASB Statements of Financial Accounting Standards
 FASB Interpretations
 FASB Staff Positions
 Emerging Issues Task Force Consensuses
 other pronouncements of the FASB or other designated bodies
 or other forms of GAAP are considered accounting pronouncements) were superseded upon the adoption of the Codification. For an interim period
 references to the superseded standards are included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.,
        label: Type of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r148
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of undistributed earnings (loss) allocated to participating securities for the basic earnings (loss) per share or per unit calculation under the two-class method.,
        label: Undistributed Earnings (Loss) Allocated to Participating Securities
 Basic,
        negatedLabel: Allocation of net income for basic unvested participating shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r331,
      r343
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits,
        periodEndLabel: Balance at end of year,
        periodStartLabel: Balance at beginning of year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r345
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from settlements with taxing authorities.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decrease Resulting from Settlements with Taxing Authorities,
        negatedLabel: Decreases related to settlements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r339
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount accrued for interest on an underpayment of income taxes and penalties related to a tax position claimed or expected to be claimed in the tax return.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued,
        terseLabel: Accrued interest and penalties
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r339
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for interest on an underpayment of income taxes and penalties related to a tax position claimed or expected to be claimed in the tax return.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Expense,
        terseLabel: Interest and penalties included in provision for incomes taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r344
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in current period tax return.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Increase Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions,
        terseLabel: Increases related to current year tax positions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsPeriodIncreaseDecrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r343
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in unrecognized tax benefits attributable to uncertain tax positions taken in tax returns.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Period Increase (Decrease),
        verboseLabel: (Decreases) Increases related to prior year tax positions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsPeriodIncreaseDecrease,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r346
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from lapses of applicable statutes of limitations.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Reduction Resulting from Lapse of Applicable Statute of Limitations,
        negatedLabel: Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r347
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits that Would Impact Effective Tax Rate,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits that would impact the effective tax rate if recognized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r160,
      r161,
      r163,
      r164,
      r167,
      r168,
      r169
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.,
        label: Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Use of Estimates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UseOfEstimates,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves from adjustment.,
        label: Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Additions for Adjustments,
        terseLabel: Net Provision (Recovery)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Balance,
        periodEndLabel: Balance at End of Period,
        periodStartLabel: Balance at Beginning of Period,
        terseLabel: Stale Beer Reserve
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Deductions,
        negatedLabel: Amounts Charged Against Reserves
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain],
        terseLabel: Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/SummaryOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VariableLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r431,
      r438
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of variable lease cost
 excluded from lease liability
 recognized when obligation for payment is incurred for finance and operating leases.,
        label: Variable Lease
 Cost,
        terseLabel: Variable lease costs not included in liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VariableLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/LeasesComponentsOfLeaseCostDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VariableRateAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of variable rate.,
        label: Variable Rate [Axis],
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VariableRateAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VariableRateDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate that fluctuates over time as a result of an underlying benchmark interest rate or index.,
        label: Variable Rate [Domain],
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VariableRateDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/RevolvingLineOfCreditAdditionalInformationDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143,
      r151
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.,
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding
 Diluted,
        terseLabel: Weighted-average number of common shares \u2014 diluted,
        verboseLabel: Weighted-average number of common shares \u2014 diluted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141,
      r151
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        definitionGuidance: Weighted-average number of common shares \u2014 basic,
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.,
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding
 Basic,
        terseLabel: Weighted-average number of common shares \u2014 basic,
        verboseLabel: Weighted-average number of common shares \u2014 basic
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfDilutedNetIncomePerShareDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail,
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding
 Basic [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Weighted average number of shares for basic:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.bostonbeer.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareBasicDetail
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
   },
   unitCount: 8
  }
 },
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  },
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122149
  },
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6787-107765
  },
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  },
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  },
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  },
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  },
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3367-108585
  },
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3367-108585
  },
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3367-108585
  },
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3000-108585
  },
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 24,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3521-108585
  },
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  },
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6801-107765
  },
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  },
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3044-108585
  },
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4273-108586
  },
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4297-108586
  },
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4304-108586
  },
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4313-108586
  },
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4332-108586
  },
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6812-107765
  },
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=SL98516268-108586
  },
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  },
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(k)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(f)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6812-107765
  },
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04(a)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690
  },
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(ColumnA)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  },
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  },
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22583-107794
  },
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22644-107794
  },
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22658-107794
  },
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6911-107765
  },
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22663-107794
  },
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1448-109256
  },
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1377-109256
  },
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1505-109256
  },
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1252-109256
  },
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1500-109256
  },
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1278-109256
  },
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1311-109256
  },
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 60B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=SL5780133-109256
  },
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 60B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=SL5780133-109256
  },
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6935-107765
  },
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1337-109256
  },
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257
  },
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 52,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117327953&loc=d3e4984-109258
  },
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  },
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  },
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952077&loc=d3e1280-108306
  },
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  },
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e7018-107765
  },
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  },
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  },
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  },
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  },
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  },
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  },
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  },
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  },
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9031-108599
  },
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4647-111522
  },
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4428-111522
  },
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4531-111522
  },
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e4975-111524
  },
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=SL6953423-111524
  },
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5212-111524
  },
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5033-111524
  },
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5093-111524
  },
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  },
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10133-111534
  },
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 320,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2196928
  },
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919244-210447
  },
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(12)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  },
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  },
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919253-210447
  },
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919258-210447
  },
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919230-210447
  },
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955579&loc=SL82922888-210455
  },
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955579&loc=SL82922895-210455
  },
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955579&loc=SL82922900-210455
  },
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942371&loc=SL82922954-210456
  },
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846819&loc=d3e3927-108312
  },
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  },
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4542-108314
  },
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  },
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.BB),
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100047-122729
  },
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  },
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 340,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5865-108316
  },
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 340,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5879-108316
  },
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13770-109266
  },
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13777-109266
  },
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77989000&loc=SL49117168-202975
  },
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  },
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  },
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  },
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13854-109267
  },
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13854-109267
  },
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16212-109274
  },
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16225-109274
  },
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  },
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  },
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  },
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(2)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  },
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  },
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: ((a)(1)
(b)),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  },
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144416
  },
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68071081&loc=d3e1205-110223
  },
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2420-110228
  },
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  },
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(25)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(d)),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77896938&loc=d3e25383-109308
  },
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  },
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14615-108349
  },
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  },
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=SL6230698-112601
  },
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6036836-161870
  },
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  },
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  },
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  },
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  },
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21521-112644
  },
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21538-112644
  },
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  },
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  },
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656
  },
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23309-112656
  },
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  },
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130531-203044
  },
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130532-203044
  },
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130543-203045
  },
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130545-203045
  },
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130549-203045
  },
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 705,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122478
  },
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 15,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 712,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  },
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 15,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 712,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  },
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237824&loc=d3e1703-114919
  },
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(i),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(ii),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(01),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (n),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2410-114920
  },
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2417-114920
  },
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2439-114920
  },
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118257860&loc=d3e4179-114921
  },
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 70,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=49170846&loc=d3e28014-114942
  },
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2235017
  },
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116855982&loc=d3e4534-113899
  },
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)
(g),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)
(f),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)-(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iv),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(v),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=SL79508275-113901
  },
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  },
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11149-113907
  },
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11178-113907
  },
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  },
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 35,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 720,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  },
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  },
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  },
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=SL37586934-109318
  },
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32247-109318
  },
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32280-109318
  },
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e31917-109318
  },
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e31931-109318
  },
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e31958-109318
  },
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  },
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32698-109319
  },
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(2),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(4),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  },
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  },
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)
(c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  },
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  },
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  },
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(5)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e39076-109324
  },
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  },
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65884525&loc=d3e40913-109327
  },
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  },
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 23,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116868678&loc=d3e1043-128460
  },
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(2),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(3),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(4),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1486-128463
  },
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 37,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116868840&loc=d3e2207-128464
  },
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116869197&loc=d3e4845-128472
  },
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116869197&loc=d3e4845-128472
  },
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5263-128473
  },
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5333-128473
  },
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911189&loc=d3e6411-128476
  },
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 30,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116859721&loc=d3e6578-128477
  },
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 30,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116859721&loc=d3e6613-128477
  },
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: b,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116859824&loc=d3e6819-128478
  },
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e6927-128479
  },
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e6927-128479
  },
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b)(4),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e6927-128479
  },
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e7008-128479
  },
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2303972
  },
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=d3e5291-111683
  },
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(4)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569616-111683
  },
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569643-111683
  },
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=d3e5614-111684
  },
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(3),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)
(3),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4J,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4591551-111686
  },
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4K,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4591552-111686
  },
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-02(b)),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355033-122828
  },
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-02),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355033-122828
  },
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-03(b)),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355100-122828
  },
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-03),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355100-122828
  },
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197479
  },
  r404: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  },
  r405: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  },
  r406: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 182,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116861445&loc=SL5629052-113961
  },
  r407: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r408: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r409: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (bb),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r410: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r411: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19279-110258
  },
  r412: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 60,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260
  },
  r413: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13279-108611
  },
  r414: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13531-108611
  },
  r415: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13537-108611
  },
  r416: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 230,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  },
  r417: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28541-108399
  },
  r418: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28551-108399
  },
  r419: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  },
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r420: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208923
  },
  r421: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119364159&loc=SL77916155-209984
  },
  r422: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r423: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r424: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918638-209977
  },
  r425: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918643-209977
  },
  r426: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918643-209977
  },
  r427: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918643-209977
  },
  r428: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918673-209980
  },
  r429: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(7)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r430: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r431: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r432: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(1),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r433: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r434: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(3),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r435: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(4),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r436: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r437: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918701-209980
  },
  r438: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 53,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888399&loc=SL77918982-209971
  },
  r439: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(8)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r440: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r441: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  },
  r442: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864
  },
  r443: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864
  },
  r444: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39678-107864
  },
  r445: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39691-107864
  },
  r446: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122745
  },
  r447: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 855,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  },
  r448: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 855,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314020-165662
  },
  r449: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 855,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122774
  },
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r450: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 50,
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116651436&loc=d3e122625-111746
  },
  r451: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 340,
   Topic: 928,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6473545&loc=d3e61844-108004
  },
  r452: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61929-109447
  },
  r453: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61929-109447
  },
  r454: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62059-109447
  },
  r455: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62059-109447
  },
  r456: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62395-109447
  },
  r457: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62395-109447
  },
  r458: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 33,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62479-109447
  },
  r459: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 33,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62479-109447
  },
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r460: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 35A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=SL6807758-109447
  },
  r461: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 35A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=SL6807758-109447
  },
  r462: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61872-109447
  },
  r463: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61872-109447
  },
  r464: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 940,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68072869&loc=d3e41242-110953
  },
  r465: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(1)(a)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r466: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r467: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r468: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r469: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(17)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r470: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r471: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(6)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r472: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.10),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r473: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(15)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r474: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r475: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(23)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r476: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 470,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  },
  r477: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 825,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108315417&loc=d3e61044-112788
  },
  r478: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r479: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r480: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(1)(b)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r481: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r482: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(19)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r483: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(2)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r484: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r485: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r486: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r487: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.5(c)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r488: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r489: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r490: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(8)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r491: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  },
  r492: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r493: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 825,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  },
  r494: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-15),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611379-123010
  },
  r495: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 740,
   Topic: 954,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  },
  r496: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b
  },
  r497: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: d1-1
  },
  r498: {
   Name: Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 13,
   Subsection: a-1-
  },
  r499: {
   Name: Forms 10-K
 20-F
 40-F,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 15,
   Subsection: d-1
  },
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r500: {
   Name: Regulation 12B,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b-2
  },
  r501: {
   Name: Regulation S-K (SK),
   Number: 229,
   Paragraph: (a),
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 303,
   Subparagraph: (5)
  },
  r502: {
   Name: Regulation S-T,
   Number: 232,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 405
  },
  r503: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 11,
   Subsection: 03
  },
  r504: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 09
  },
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19-26),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.3(a)(4)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g)(1),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(d)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i-k),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e637-108580
  },
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e640-108580
  },
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL116659650-108580
  },
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e681-108580
  },
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g)(4),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669686-108580
  },
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e689-108580
  },
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL34724391-108580
  },
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL34724394-108580
  },
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  },
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  },
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e557-108580
  },
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g)(6),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  },
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(1)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(10)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(21)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(4)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(5)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1
2),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a)

 'defref_sam_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AccumulatedAmortizationOrDepreciationFinanceLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_PrepaidBrewingServiceFeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOnRetainedEarningsTax1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_LessExciseTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectOfChangeOnNetIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ScheduleOfPrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 66%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 10%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
 0); padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; line-height: 8pt; font-size: 8pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 65%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 9%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 1.5px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgba(255
 255
 255

<td style=padding: 0px; vertical-align: top; width: 55%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; width: 22%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 8%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=padding-right: 2pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; white-space: nowrap; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; font-size: 8pt; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 rowspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 rowspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
 <div style=margin-bottom: 0.0001pt; line-height: 12pt; font-family: Calibri
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;

<td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; padding-bottom: 0in; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxAccountingMethodChange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxReturnExaminationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeTaxReturnExaminationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_QuarterlyFinancialInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sam_DogfishHeadTransactionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_QuarterlyFinancialInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OtherLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AccruedDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AccruedSalesAndMarketingCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AccuredUtilitiesAndThirdPartyFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AccuredCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_AccruedFreightCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=sam_AllowancesForDoubtfulAccountCurrentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=sam_DiscountAccrualMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=sam_AllowancesForSalesReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C


P$





[)
;DE-0Q#.:SF7-ZA


M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!
M4$L#!!0    ( 'V#4U#$$.I;G@



GM56%47;

]NJ070KS75\_JV%
M21@
H_^JGE5AY6U/K
=.%TWW-]A=&J/+H17;E3)[Z:]YU5VO_2]2#F%\  P!
M





^$A%Y1A

N*
:.




M2988H_&
!7GTD6*=N 6&TW@6

I_$4&.311XIUXA883N
I
.CY
M;J=8)V[V.8TG^\BCCQ3KQ


T
MV4Z7JCYV1Q5-L-.7JCLGF;P=CT/NH-N._Y?W9RG?LOJ85TWPJ(W=U'=;[X/6

BYX;6R-



I64-L76)Y$'2;

Z &[!FG;R*5MD$[TWN9RX,A<HGI@FG+)B,:.0=HR
M<FD9I+/\!5&(4C/ 0E#QC*B$R1$V#-*.$:1CD$[R%\ZJ]06L(),%$()\:EU@
MMZ@%9-4'%!



F9^X
*T
MP




;SHYO#D=


::'\_2;OX'4$L#!!0    ( 'V#4U#]^1*X*@0







M?YP;'QOS4@^AZIH_C[OQL



M4$YI(JNXSLTB8YQHAG'S93$C.-F4'G2?96@TJ=[
6+7CSS HHDP\:S:DIC

MN$P7I2\220-*!I02#&F**
4=:6^+1$T)%()0$X
A\.0#M$CS0M!I5R0F+\A8
M!!0







+%





Y/NL^E(<\X/_STM1[K/:/Y:O
MX^I8YMFZ#=KOQBJ*W'B?;0_#ATG[VV/Y




:0;2[J&K85I



MX;9+TC-\H:8M)R1M(X2%I34V#85
@YNO F;@*UZ7
N 
 FW4.[


EXOJ*7_.B;*:D@(LJ&#X:<\]1?9F(]_7 C
M\F_M/$T29JU+^HX:L&%H8!B6:ZZ6/I#8!*@< *KT2A6DL6%H:1BBM+2!\CO





:-H6<%%.+)AC(A_1Z\C= :W1VO95XHX\!Q6)

ME2


-%2]\O8;]/5LD-
7_P-N







MMNJ'G^W3HMNW=?4P-=IN%F1

M_Y;UIGF[G=OY^X6OZZ?G?KRPN+O95T_UGW7_U_Y+._Q:G'IY6&_K7;=N=K.V

JWYKF^_CCMX?;N1DCJC?U?3]V40T?K_6J

RWZJN7C6;?]8/_?/M/
YG#_5C];+I
MOS9OO];'A/Q\=LS^]_JUW@SR

H6RK'X?/]6[Z
M?#OV_]X
-Z!C SHUL.'#!GQLP#\;N \;N&
#)QHL#JE



1!AO!_
IHHQHE

FO?

BP22\'9YR
6JNL





/*)0?:R

4U8Z


M3F*-Z!B]6CH Y&$@D*R5D
Y2S.Z6
 8^ ^!':2X
@%\
E8FD)] Y*N1K28FZ
M(\\I\V;*&/P
P!^E53&JRB


X=


L=ID=










MFSH&TRC2'8KW&+U6/.




GW-.NI2

C!N6?


M-#\&VTY;





M$E2(

M0.]O&C1:..^:EMG!@*@C22O&L^PSTT+VM


MKFP2.CDA/@?GH2YH%@2!@LJ%#
(?9[@'I4(B+^-/RDF7DH&XME^S?XV]^UY.

U1_M+*WY(3./TL<
M7H/HP$O)KOS[=_[O6!P%C0OFC;?-O.SXW!(Z\^6?[#\!U!+ P04     !]




M\-^&LPT66Z



  !D

MDCYDQU

;/)2==

MQ

%^P:$RV8TXSA&TRV(AAF7TOPO1(G
M_@^=[]/S785YHK_YK\(]3/Y7$;89B0;7I67PI+:C28NXB:[[]L#32/_ YV7]
8MF9U@A^4!L/455K\!















M




=&


 S]*U%^0
/EVJXZ 5*OU;1*FW3JM.US#@Q$36*:A*/[

MU[;
]19$G4A:




_2M1



M+?


#4[$S+






MA]F4



M;6Q]4]MNVS 
_15!'U ERGI!8!MH6A0=L %!AZW/BDW;0G5Q)3GN_GZ4[+C&
M9NS%(JESR$.:R@;KWGP+$

WM75:!'1=PWSG
M0%2)I!7CF\T-TT(:6F0I=G1%9ON@I(&C([[76KC?!U!VR.F67@(OLFE##+ B
MZT0#/R#\[(X./39GJ:0&XZ4UQ$&=T_OM_K+^ 3X)6'PYO$3D[6OD7G:Y73
M310$LH0,P@\SO  2L5$*.-]RDGGDI&XM_9GU+OV



M**A#-&_1=N.6C$ZPW?0 V/P*BS]02P
$%     @ ?8-34#J_:P6I 0  D0



$ZB

M*#*+ [%C[SL1GWA[X*$W972F5J2[(-X%[Z7@?)^Q2PPT88XCAB\PVQG!0O0Y
J<)?HUQ\J7


1L*:A^/G\+9CE
R&AZ[Z0.P




H^QDRUS

M@J;T-? @V\Z' OS0;3P_SOX6318VN66FKHG30]L= 4]#8]'+. CX _$B:W
ML4GHY&S
LF
M4K1XF4_9QW.:;ZZSA;9/X N!KX2;6(?-A:+RK\*+

(OW3
M&X7I.X5[F/=%V&8D&FP;E\&1RHQ]7
1-=-VW6QY'^A\^+^M/85O9.W(V'G]

$%     @

C


M0VSG'/O8.

M)_%P%??:K#YD))^9

U'4U:Q$UTW;<'GD;Z!SXOZQ?A.FD\N=B /R:-K[4V $HYW. &]/@^5D=!
M&Z+Y'FTW;\GL!#LL#XMK[#Z#5!+ P04     !]@U-0/*EZ1JD!  1 P



MX^5-'RQ U:_MV!(5C0??T(_ DV\[' OS7K3P#/Y'?[+!8TN66FHP3J(A




?&R4?K7GT'$

M!X
WC75:!'1=RWSO0-2)I!7CN]T'IH4TM





[ PVRJ&$RC2'=!O O12\GWGW)V
MB8EFS''\!5FMR!8R+Z4X%LECOP?.M^F[S<5[A/]^K\*-S#7V5]%V&HD&FR;

_2N('U#NN'8[
MG9)(O5;5)FW2J=/6SUSB)*@0

M=

M


M6HDC_T#GZ_3=JL)=I%]_JG -\[X(6XQ$@VWB
CA2FJ&+B[B(SOMVR^-(W^#3


O






MG5RL?8W.I[J@NR@(%%0A9A!X7.$)E(J)4
;/.2==2D;BVKYE_Y!ZQUXNPL.3
M53]D';J/E!20R,&%5[L^!'F?NXIF9O_#%=0(]*L$9EE4]?4@T^6#UG02E:

$OWP7X5;
MF

MM5S U (  ' 

M
!#]*E$^0!
;\@
$2*73M$F;A#JM^]L% U&3.+
-=-]^MI-FS'G^IXF==_?.




DY20I 0._

 H4 <4]P
*I%[X



M2P
$%     @ ?8-34*2+F*.K 0  D0
M3*^H%T(_9$Q7W6@A;^Q/1B\::S3
M(J#I6N9[!Z).)*T8S[(/3 MI:)DGW]F5N1VD@;.COA!:^'^G$#9L: [^N9X

M[4LTOM0%S:(@4%%&$'@=H5'4H&0AF_YYAT21F)Z_-;]$^I=JSE(CP\6O5+

#GY.T+V'&=*W\
NY[9
MF84E'[5YL1V 0Z]2*%O@SKG^0(BM.I#

ML[DEDG&%RSSF3J;



J%

&X9[T



MD13F]DJ$K

N516?M_.W'.VJT



76*B




RYX;6QM4]%NG3 
_94H']! 6+OJ

5=UH(6[

8JX5'U[;
#19$'4E:
9XD-TP+V=
RC[&3+7
S



-
5?A!=E



]IVWI+9\698'@!;

M='

5MUH(6]P0%Z

#@9$'4E:

$%     @
MZ.$ND1LZI_'

MFQ P*+5EH&:YP@
P9HE

M+&'^@&@)B-: @]





$%     @ ?8-3
Y[@U9M@3HLL6!-
W
R1@CK']_'^D#J\!SQW

ME
8Q



M.3NB!7.8

MJQ)#F+NPR#8HLOU
0*
KD1#F/YU



MNU?SP


R-?\5KJ 0'I5@

L\\E^%J)

M='



3 [W. !.'=$UL:OB1//DJYP.7]G?_*]VUZN
M3
.#Y#^;PM0I/F)40

/;E

Y+GAM;&U3

 S]*U%^0'

&$FP:M%CZXMF6NMR#J1-**
M\=WNEFDA#2WS%#O;
L?!*VG@;(D;M!;V]PD4C@7=T]? HVP['P.LS'O1PG?P

MT8PY31B^PNP7! O9EQ)\J\2)_T?GV_1L4V&6Z._^47CW1N$6YOF%N-1(-M
MTS(X4N%@TB*NHLN^W?


M3?-4BM&3T]GWU%[Q[A2:LRELTAV%^V?

M(A@FP47VJ




M76

M 0  ]@



V\[%Q*DS'O6P@NXG_W)^(@L



@8#*A0K
+Q=X


M*\QV01!??9&@*8DC_8].T_1=TN$NTK-_'.ZN'*8P65HD2XIDB0+[*Y$4YO9*

VF


M7.$BB[ZC*3+=.\$5' VRO93



GGE.&P.7Y@_TQUNYK.3$+]UJ\\


M76 V
X)X]CD%74MQH%_Z7KX=E7A-H:GGQ3N+A2N8;ZM)TE7DZ1?6Z2BR1K
MF



M[ID6TM R3[&+*W
O0%?1(20V-&%1XLN
G
MF/MY1\G


$%     @ ?8-34!5I@BNL 0  D0
  !D

%Y:0QS4


8/ XPJ/H%1
A#)^33GI

'CG.IHS!-(ITA^(]1J_%[K#/V#4FFCG$<
7F.V
8)A]+L'7





H^QDRES')P4&DZ&V$$I;EZ/('$L



MBN(OTRET/


M/_VC\/:#P@W

$%


2(10Q(Q(.%F1OPIB4\1:Q]B1#.!-!-
MT\TNA'&SZP+


M%@$!5

MTN1S  N7!+L8X_97$@B7)(J! TCB0M+  8Z
2$33_+'2:!PQNVP)-_.J C&
M'P!A?XB RA=]K(02**%Q]1FC
O54X\1*+< &EOI)=]!Z,<!4C7E;XYHUXE]YNWE.


.-452'7A[LP4:-0(


N# =0%T!]0.KR1&TB5_F'S&2;






6@
CC4X9MPH 'B'LHL G8?():; .V
M&*
<Q V Q$$]1B
M

+<=FX.#+
]U7;3_WNO*
MG-8QB3\O?W?#OUP(=FLCL6;_E/WWXXOK3U++EEV9:V;KC1-U.K].OZ%W#US
M/@2


M'[JR\*$2R[$U53?^C;;O76_J*8LMI2Y^G'_+9OP]3?D_PW  G0+H)8#(Q0 V


=RG




M'
W?Y[Y

+DQX;7^X]AHS$9PETR!
&Y!AP#A9X@T!R







P[J
M7SV[P.GYZ^B?^N)-

8PL




D0C2-'* E]%T8 0=[ ?JFF$Z0
JRS/%



(H1-HM&4?I6KX+)^V'W2? M;PY%

\




WT--?VRIB=/]H_IGXUUY

M+ZO#^IL(=[$ZS$HGS=F99\JM4-E[D62;'-UUH0%SL)AH@@E'!%+5QQ:1J\4A


M_;EUI4Y=J4/7[&T












M:S1I-J

X /1AXD)M14SA-





MT1*EN^*9\H.=F@EJ$H#+4DJ;SJ]*.[455\JMB34?WPI/7MB7B[Y8R/FS\
MT+\/O#276ID!5)4]N=?5/WJ]T+WT.QR:EK:R89WGJ#GC?\I?-X51F\%KPT=
MY*+MF4H.G+^9SK?3Q@\
$&7TJ(P#T8\;W5'&C)'&^#-Y^G-*$[ALW]V_V-IU



M0Y(!)($[/X!(_V 4#*)@ 



8.Z*P\4^&V'0XH R%\8/(BY-)[T#

$
M%     @ ?8-34&E

9(/5




9?F30H@RFBP=( 
$KG._+\ H.*
M+



M2P
$%     @ ?8-34

?YVC+^* D Z;Q6MQ<HMI&R6(F\@(J(.]9 K;X<

*E+6;I::V(YG*3M+6M:PXXXX5Q7A_]9 6;MR

M)P(VC+Z4!UFLW


MW31S2R3)4LY:AW?;H2%ZU^%EI)8KUT&S.N:;ZJ=0T4L6X2A%%RW48]8=QA]A
M\(! 2GU(X=M2K/T9W;]-L)DCXO 6LK5 )C8?YY P2.Q& VLO B
0C 5&O;@1
C+=WE0:,S6@$_F0M3.#D[UU+OXU%TN),??'W&)_$U7FZ[J_5=IKOH
M?Q)^*FOA[)E4-X@YYT?&)B7WIU:CD+]6X8)A:/4PX4:\^Z&[2:2-?W/ PU_

Y13VIAVB(G29 73Q!-#-!$
YHAAMS0




RS52WQ5 ^#1W%N[$T#*;ZM/@/4$L#

M=#4V+GAM;&U3;6^;

#1[#J%V8[H?WW
MLPU!-.
+OCL_]SQW/B[OM7FW+8!#'U(H6^#6N6Y'B*U:D



1K5%K8^$75V3HM1Q9?BF0?P\E5
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#4W
M+GAM;'54VXZ;



D6



_61A



M2+T$J25(EP1IM&K28386TSM

M8C_!QDNP\=A




-18E]?!.P^7V^

O:#
MX#L[J&T22%.6M+SNXLW*]CT-FY4\J:;NQ-

M*M.1;%8]/XA?0KWT3X-N)4N47=V*;JQE%PUBOXX_D_L'8&: 5?RNQ66\NH_
M5%ZE?#.-[[MUG)J


'P S -@&0!V0#*!;.9?N.*;U2 OT3 M?L_-
^<
MBJ1E@(1;G !*EP2)@IQ\$I 
K^6T


MA2:$5P1 *@+S5@[;_=WY)%='1'
$_\F'0]V-T:M4^K1ISX1[*970 =
[G?A1
MG_J71B/VRMP6^GZ8CKY30\E^/M8GRW^+S7]02P
$%     @ ?8-34%PP2C+.



DCC/





GH



+W!A
D^W!CY#^C.2F2U$EFL;.(6



M#F\8X*

M7 BUX&1I@\_P$\1K\\SDS!FR'
L*:E[2VF)PVMA;M-XC7P5HQ*\26CX:6\K*



M3[?(Z+ S. ;3?@Z/K@S$4U,=)A88^K.A!OXJ]5$RASFN2/0G9C *8PB(DG
M8CI



M^Q
B9U2/*V!GW;JXE=-+K?OF:'5HCUM/U_


)9CUO6T;B)HT_=K9_C3D/T#4$L#!!0    ( 'V#

M76^;





O



Q:L\






MV(/P%9



M2P
&UL?9;=CML@$(5?Q?(#U(!M?E9)I,95U4JMM-JJ[36;D,1:V[A
MDNW;%[#7R@+I30SXS)EOC#-X=97J19^$,-EKWPUZG9^,&1^*0N].HN?Z@QS%
M8.\<I.JYL5-U+/2H!-_[H+XK$ XZ'D[Y)N57WM4FY4\FZX=Q*/*]+GON?J[

_Q4=E9L;CLVUX
NI5#IL1AG7^$#PU$


L7


M$ 'D3C55$J9*P 1IMI
&WZ8!%0V0FU@%*20P#5



M032)0A
H)$A\=M:AJ@)$1E6:=16!*%)5+%L69\'H3L$0I'L.2.1A8=
!
MB7](V)J:A IB3._@W&F!

+! (0X
$I$


M0R!4)%*;:=JD3:HZK?OL)$ZIC93M+]^]F&$F*.K


-J_6;'1465GHI](!O!Z-8&565 PC )
M*EK4_C*W:T]BF?.C*HN:/0E/'JN*BC^/K.3GA0_^^\)SL3\HLQ L\X;NV0^F


M6[:CQU(]\_



'




M#*7($(K



A=@6/#0RMXDG-
MN)

3'H;?JQM
M8SA8[?N_!V(;E@N\;1Z_4[$O:NFMN=)MCVU.=IPKIFL)[[1[#KI?[2<EVRDS
M3/58M$U;.U&\Z1K2H.^*EW\!4$L#!!0    ( 'V#4UZBGL\T@(  /0)   9




M7 DP(F@8[]'0



=!Q[E?5.B&



MI\^C@V[!ID'#=LJ\YOI=#'W(
]K&XXCSN9T+\$VL[.S






$B #0&^(8BL1-UC
+:2N?L$


M!
+X5D8@C%7..80)8;$)*#8!.P/ L(\^*6H)

M+JW45\KL=)IE-H&^2ZWSK9YQS!W[3C




M_17$!P0

MV






PH-[
M@=4C(L;WD#4 B6 3(9AG:.+#NSQ'LL @ 38$^([ RF/981*#J0W&*N6J0T2W
MB FR4GW&<F<T HU&@-'0,MIAD/_,Q^H_H#LK,6@E!JQ8'W890RJI924&RI;
M3A+020(XB2PGR8
(FB2P2 J*I(!(;(D\8B(\A46FH

T!X0]D


]*:WVI[S#F#/U'TUV OA%^+&KA;)E4)[$Y
M+P^
2:H\^A/U14[JSC5



YT*3+[N*BM*HHND^7X
R8-;S6[P.G[

ZE&&P5X?L7)AG??VJQ@7Q
!A7_UU=5&'E'8FM

1!X0@*NB()90!(HBD*ZD
M#HKPJL0T=H^1+X(48APE05$2#X43]S@G6!7FH/@BRB9;/4.1*(KTNR+=#9)8
M5U*G=UM?!20EWU)49@4@0$')O7*W($4PH'!5#0%' 8(;CH$P:&NZQ_.83'

_-<$,;!D;7X^TSNEV!-_\ 4$L#!!0    ( 'V#4U_3RZJ/P(
M 


MEVNX1 1IH:I:J96BK;9]=F 2T!I



M[3Q3L2/-


XNPTJ'7Z=WVZCU.*W$RIYD3_#G!
M7Q*\Z

QC1=JN8
-%*Q'
U

1&(['!2*B)Q%LCGON?XT^

U8#9[ZJP^_P[H175*9E7DVG/Y




MP42U'NG TPZ\@0

DY(Q F
..$H#J ;&FMU'8ZK9L .IF(38BDC&1B$;)

EY'HUQ8&



MS2E2=/D3+FBZ


J65Z4*?%KI'Q


M2]M]ZT_&#

M4UU%%

Q3%_2O=5UT/QY-U5ZVH0A_/?A2OIR&
M\4&TVYR+%_.W&?XY/W6V%5V]'
K:-'W9-D%GCMOPO7AX5
G88;+X6II+O[H/
MQJD\M^VWL?'781O&XXA
9?;#Z**PES?SP535Z
F.X[_%:7C5'#NN[W]Y_V.:
MO)W




HIO_LX'O[]&V74KR)WD9'B\WC;$
K&[VRB:S_

70(9


MA7FBR5.6



;YS$=!N1E;@2S?US0?CK!#.;D)6
M &?/IY#+O.,D_'B]'Z@$P34^T.C<9SZ4^%]U+V?3!<SL
;3T=E!S;=C#6
M8?S.COMDBL.U49GC

NG!.Y=\G8*+/4(!NC=?F7&O;P'G:T3/\
M OV[.TI3X4FE;#BTJA&M)Z'*T&.P/T06[P!_&NC5;.[9)<AWFWQO<R0;PT!
M@T);!6J&*QR 
2MD;'R
FFA:TA+G\YOZB\MNLIRH@H-@;TVIZPP](*^$BEZ8
M?A7]-QCSW-O#/\#KL ,W#HQ:Q2*??TBHO2@H\JQ@JGG\/8M&[L1_T;;9L0


+8KWN(K5Y_#



M
!FS@@$T?P)X$B#B A0%L'\=!

ML^/K=-)/!OO)0#^!]8

MEBA6I@3BM&X.DV:%$]:)RO3JS-6B?YZ RD#61.SAO[IC8@;VY)@^AD@EPT






M:!&% L@64VA'4.@PA0Z=89*3?DJ.:0\Q'$




VI1X4

%Z/4?0(16$'X3&*?@2*'J/HST'1I_!H'8U@M![3XQ$]
M4@A
CQ]!CQ=NW@-Z$J



M69WY4?P0ZN?YN=-/\1QE7S6B[2O9!ITXK

MK\/#E_TZ)$-&HA8[-83@^G(53Z*NAT@ZCS]3T'!F#AN7]^_1/YGB=3$OO!=/
MLOY=[=5I';(PV(L#O]3JN[Q]%E-!61A
S&Q;-49C?=/*]7KUNL96\74(-&FVHX8N-# K8AU]1E 



MF!S%Y @FL3Y@_G :)H4.*= .0722U.@923Y07#.0SE

H$(
$Q
M)8HI$4QN84H'H]^-?D$X!PCN*8(TK.?DP6-+0))U?#F*V);R+*HR#PHU)Z/
M0!%4::-&47GWGI,H\_0MX$:&Q$$Q0FQ4XJ#*(O(T%.&!]?QC-B.GT1+$+ \





9!18K:7\Q
;
L7
W:695'3+??$N:H(_[NB

M0;P6M!6CM:=+V3'VIC??]G
_U!G1DN922Q!UN= U+4NMI/+XTXOZPYF:.%Y?
MU;^8XE4Q.R+HFI6_B[T\S?W4]_;T0

U!DY



XZ

K&0!C+^&S4:@V0@0\RS$
;^
! FL
Q
MF! V&X-FXX5 $MJ5A3!V93^!*1YC[LPFH-D$R#:RS Z8)X-IAP._JRR[2!0




=+U?EG8
MO;








I


M3 QB8B =M




!1]


MG2



.5I5;7Z1T[*%T5.$E 8+I9HP((D1_:W<B68CVU
M_#NVT 3Z;QGOQ!46G%'OT;JW.'M;PLZZKW&GI)=.J-L$9U[YY-N)T8\5SU5
MG^GO






M(7$LH2;BF;70J\GQFLBU9?D6@YD



L
V7^'*U E

'M 

M
I/J9R))GG'6.;P_K9;H2^&OL=K


8
M36


+[=(+4:I(]?DI758/7 R:P6B:;I[+M
MEIH$?Y)*I'6OZWWP
D


M]L-*$HPTG!,A& B^-&'A' DA#,&9S94C]318M
\-X1P[_54?-1^)M0AWDP

;%R$N



RYX;6R5FMUNXS80

M



M3*\Y7C36)DGB+=]09@2[E=VYPQ+

MLPZ&GZ5)0@\_9I4!6 U!.\.TL@FX
LPK \ :/_T.(GT;
5$C


M#-
JY(1H


M!$(F&%4@2HDMCL3$2$2
/ZI01




J%A11RQ7C

MA(*EB%


&H@MTG


M5G;






MEFXG'

M0L%PT




0F.Z
M-[;*]R
RUY2MHB@.0F/- )4



AAS61;LUTP


ISE=Y!1'TIRZ





6+6)4HKA
U25#^1*4HGB4J1_$B426*\^.C

M*2'1@@U 0 =@DD*2

M^@&3%)*



M_DM3OW0_
AD??^ER]1]02P
$%     @ ?8-34#T&#W'E 0  3 4  !D   !X




M$PV?U
+Q_.9^




M:
\8^&


.

$%     @ ?8-34
*4Z:Z1!@  RR$  !D   !X


M






MSMCD_-8R)!


6B2#@&WN%+ BQXNPT3XV


M=/GQ!2PI'(O)$38Y
YM L7F+NH:Z(V?4 6,X@
M9*PQ8$4#R8\E8(4#IFH*2&H@E,7%MBY(F[VN8L%<K'D+C99[B#PN8]-%ODX


ME5/@%O-62




V(

CK'XD/[]QO9?MVCLEC


M%S#R4D@DA*2020GI(!(+@!)@!$D@DA*2020GI(!(+@1)@)$D@DA*2
M020GI(!(+D?2)@/$D@DA*2020GI(!(+D?2)@/$D@DA*2020GI(!(+D?




M69Z$)3_-CTIQSEFXKX.26

M%F?7A8SDSO ].I[*RJ LY^?PR'ZP\I_S-N=G2J^RCQ*6%E&62CD[+.0G1+=(








(41I%DB]XIRP


MD-F


MP5!A!0U6T&H%;: @U'K5



ME:

!.X=XLUU!$'0



&ULC59M;YLP$/XKB.\MV)B75$FD

M:A8

(A?!;N*T=C3H3QS_J(G7_8K/]2*6
EV






MR

)Q9;#G

M'YY/ .








[?V?+T]K1EU4:1XO@I7,T8M8#!FXP[(H(K/=K
M*!K &9PS3 !B.DF$(R A+127!RGKRWYY-Y2MJ!(!V(WH&8.(B=0@V8N,?4
MPTQ9&-)1(C)*1$1)G@#1MY$8<E-E*&DT2M2D60JDD@EI1W$I(/X_I(GI(/D


+9U..9U&DA8_$]O(E1* EN!VP(%.ZFC$!-NFF:

@6Y


;D(F10A2AJC0*:H2S$J

\F]'KUX5'Z$ZWSOB:/63#
&UL;5/;;MLP#/T501\0)4[3IH%MH.DP
M;


TVPG9E)#-5GJ)16*RC]PQ\O<X$A
FGW/



!+6:^\BLZ_D-F1T+A@/GC;I#U)CL-^

M:&5E='

BYX;6R-5-N.FS 0_17$!ZR-2;A$!&FS5=5*K11MU?;9

\10C%R^R 5#!:\=ZN0T;I88-0K)J
!/+<
M=53\W0'CXS:,PK? <WMJE F@LACH7Z ^CGLA3ZAF:5N.^AER_M P'$;/D:;

PPZ3K^3*3AK&D2

=77F\Q:9+X13*O2/:!AF8W#8T3C._V


6T7FT

CLIL4[T7;AZY
M@^+#-&O1//#+?U!+ P04     !]@U-0ZB6D=B0%  B%P  &0   'AL+W=O


RYX;6R-F-MRXC@0AE^%X@%LZWRH)%4QI\1 0LW6





M3YJ

\WM5%YLN



#]!VADWS.O\YJHL/GOE?M'8Y<W:1*SW
8@1DW !NO 8)0;#4OI

$9*#B;0(
2VI
1276^!RBT!N. CI


4&Z:0R' *E
MH#K#D!)&



MB

M@?)B*6DPHS(L)?AB-\
B&9#3/(222 'H(81
1.$:'4(J@KMQR.B(:%Q6@\MJ






VZGF#T5






M2 ;\6\S&Q$3V=$-KU4-)#V^J_A^!RH028'H1F V.3:%226F4QYC?Y+(R@2%
M40BR26%-% @3$$YJ:Z*U

M/8(I:&VXFP*VIB@8 Q2AKW1O[E%YB;-W5*?.J8N(6CZ/ ^/ /1#2;Q53!_
M56W^*J




M5]5]ENTVZ]\/!X/I[S=IOOU=M-_F?]MG5\5^N_L?OTL&@^1W__:O5?YO_[K[
MMZOB



MGW6^^;5



1Y]N[Z'J7[O:-;?Q+UOA*6GB?KX$DKF $=T7Y




M3@5


T

M&%O9%


M#+J[RV:/1*LW&8BG&2[](^PG 'X**\AM=3?^MSQ7#M5M4_&_Q+!D9+/GMT

;_R^<(Y=1JS4)*NOKKOMIM6D3


MOL&UEDN4+2M@F\L
'KI9-X;[80L



^C_-
MM*(U;9?#-9G=WF8LO:;_8(=^
H8_C*+;U

&Z'^5

J5%UQC4U/1B
UFE.'NN8FVZ6D-(3ICZ?N
MXP$:VU?

MV/X$JZPR)


M0BBI];-5QG^A71S.8VB3I.%8+?-%MX;KA%L.K9G_4
N?RKMT*Z(//?DFK7*Z








S&38%W'YZ#GUX-DU$\& QH)5\-9W/^



)5DL*3PC))K6$BP2)
[5C

MRT!

6<8G*O1CG

M/&CGL&9D?;T-YI;O]C1*.+;M&Q&W



 #J
=(%G#&Y1.O0I8O_7Z%G_
;HO


Q\1%6M)+!:QWU'4%%#W3-
M%R?*52N6J3ZVCAY??6#U$99O@_!%Z'QKNZHOD B 1+M&/ZD


M23RIMTXBY\\&ND:?0\SG.]E:_.N!Q$!]_CEXTX@99?I$#3VDRV]\J9_=YF6U






MJUZLS+[O
E$6E
)WS#QHP-2Z0 SQJNU'@5
W9V+=
S-06P&$)#UF-PUFPPN
MI)7PE_V#:';*4O]# 7S=?Z8.8



M?541H@-V/K9&-K3
!/PE^YYN2('=M2YVV612Y B5#K8GMW@42X$I*+A:T(

%@V8.\E1MVC;@79A2##G+4E?RY1D9;PH_813BADA



LR=G
M4PX&Y!A6@WITZU!@#@*F:-!*87:%\5K7$Y



#GF
MKH/^PD@L@_ZL)K$








MQ3[4HXQ



A-]TU?9CDF:
M758:!PI.D()R;HK=;BV7P#(5H C)SMA&W/([LBJ@L@=6-!YD;+ .UE_1CWY&






M#LNH.D MM.1^[[ 9NN9!($$]X)@
W+7)L8 /5/W1JQVF?9OENJZT3FP;(TX8
T+ 2GO1=M

MR8M\:6VRK\


M =5@XL31/?H?!.Q=^HWA
CF;Q'T8



9D+Q;$A55FXXR
1A

2ARIO8+WI4;1NG2KJ?R@U6)=WZV^HSJ$;S*(

M7;R]12.W.(/I/8P$6M-%9AHFZSVZ_/X!N1($AI6_?;0[:.V5D1Y9S!I;P2L4


XDRBKS IGBND.NN
\HWRN7$@
H2S@
. EIE9%&W-80RFP!(U7^#$PJDR3+0(6'J3.-U8\



$8+89AP[@A3&BAN:A5@/([67C6-.;XOE
M-C?) V61Y-9L1E/(I8FH,R%)B6L3*0@#L/D*CMEEC[D@BU9JG+[X!!2?L<I



MQK#D-C?T)-?N-AULJ^?!B#Z^X9.Y%8.(5I8[U8GP_V)N56-6'YJ
@I6&(%M$


_*H-'N-3*%N8MU\:!0Y9).KPFH^'K(TYD9=3OY%NB\7'&#0@WE




7P ;7LN=-+]<HWK@-]@[Y7\WYT0=?E4^I3%X^*%

%-$^LF9K/2Q/B*


[T6L;\&LJ

TZ7^J_T#WCX1







 Z [F%^M@Y!\]AY




B



MI(7=4W&QY$H6)M=D66P+1((PF\8$/!1'0I4C
G3?1S^#



MXC81Y


M-\WO17_:;[
#NT;KEXSBCJ1=.G/)9_@3Y?/0B8Z&T_
?;-XLFF/P)
R[O6&^




NQ=- @+7#\H

M/[=5'HJ^;]8_5





NXN%\VCNY#C'(


MV

:@/


M3/7H8!;#R30Z[[TS3 \'7Z

M26M2H\


WV/)253

M1^TCZ=K(5?






R^.9D!LKEK)0^G

DF&E6*
'7-D _86H044!1:+BB[
MT%U.52[%^T88('^!&6!6Z
UR/-_K@[$-9A-@%W;J5HYGU[9-MG:&WS!)HR3)

KSMBK$J4-A$




5?+./AU+GU
M%]]A+9


M'H
S



A
ML

M5RQCXW4



E-3G@E)B*8E


PS^$\\?!K

MLYBL0(
X&PW0;7@5)HE_)3MTI5Y]HD+L-E+N6LGV84A:?03UU2/C!A!%/!U.




V]
M;2


8$-F:
:SX#]6SL@%(N7S-H

M)'9!QHK7G_L3991L?;11]%5Q/9MNN1[$6TZ6,D^TKI3/M$TQM),+,T=-V$
MEDJQ@7('9
.AA*S+^VRU7V=:B!!!QIPRDD




MB0Q.N\U=*H14)]Q4TRVE
F]1S(
:AZJNZ;[0_I69%JRR1\2:WKN/2WWAA/:_


MWIWIV&1X0G_V4XE1YUL&.V$R)
KB@-70) FL3!AA]N)$K\_0AZYW; :-LS9=



M

MLP0%6% C)I


A/+:(SJ6+L]$8C=@)B

M4'CDJ0
K0S
9D08]!'UM.+H/\BAHU[;A8[VW^V2#K1F8 F]PT?7^CIT)@\Q
MT/JU_C.:X#\R93M.%X.M*; TW0FF[L;_1OTI+*D&'C.E0'BE.[
U/LTJ65J

* L_0X*F2A(




6$L++(6VO'\V15*9CO#6:GD/:'BW
MSDPZ +H*0

];W]^G3Z(LD#7*SLO

.<*GI7W/5S)RUE$$M04O6!-!88<-




J_S)%+GJ7 
?



M[C
%<
M_^D80&- +/^C#PV6%:Z'A' 14UCMT70,7PRB\01]JFJG,1@ZYR!:#1.0'T@

%F0G@

@6L

EUI(K!\A


MV&;WLJ8EM2LM\BDQ(H[]TC#0.I?G;F/N

M IFQJ3R E+I\%FU
S0I$'FV=YU*\1




M(E[9O!R.PUUT91!D0V^BNZ[1O8KH=JBL$U $VRVR029 0(:XC-,#E=RC%&R
M'HXPQSEE6K\':S[4LXCD4H*CB5( Q0!/CVQ)P2YXM1?]UM;YLP;?]O6T0(;
,!RJ
M\)\NR3W.Z5K85^X/M92FPCZIV;LRY8+GQJ6).A7!@TB[%J'!). #+?YT
S]





F8^
MY/ZI8#


M['4%!WZ))X_T2_WDJL$WWQ0$KP?(G1GSTKG4[TC#F44;V HDM=K8$(RT2[7N
M W


MESX=[NFTNH^#Z'-6C9[E0\D16GFFI3'RDLP
3GWQPJ'ES;%;1U[K'!
\ $NY
$
M?[T'#6?]?%&*$5-QJ1=W%!^$NY#O]FS@^#45R!O)4CJ3%ZNCFPJ4CS!I=E#!

=JC^


77IW#&9 -*=ZE9M@[2E9+%?
M1-.ZV F6:=/]#LZ96



MSU6A\XJ]/'1Z(RL_)\ZTPTY4AYIP' 49ODA14#JVD F;@S9
L-\T9LDC!II^X

MPN?L$MEW.'




M4NBR;8N0F4YV$]J7^FQ\(





LM^:;95
MN5H1UM/@BTBUZG[!;<67@;JY3-YJCLE_C0V/!Z_CH.**&ZR/(<^VR,WJ@^4L
MFW;VU6F+2N=.BC!\MK9Q]+2@0U5$ S];L<CN'W!&''^JGEMXOBQ0 O3%T:E?
MQ(L@K&1[ 8NSN]?$.2;]#2UMX?,CO^00^ TU5:Q]HF4@DKL[Q)8PEGL6+P9)
M@U: 3!?Q,!FW_4!'9A GXVG;KZ&%Q!JF[LG^(!G9K0GG-G<&@L SB.(-#?$

M'D'[F4N.K1 O']1O#SC7M)8R D28)MZY9F E9N!^@P9%R&[L&I_%%D:PSFX#


MOK3
-:_:WE^

M:3ACS
@]Z5
0[P2Q^


QVV)=ZV1S3ZLQ?(J&0PP6Y!+Z:Z.PD=*$J+'0;'
M\'U[='9<A=H/U/
[C#I-!_5QGG1


MT]T@



M!^7-*[9WC UPYN&4BK]P&3*MH%P@X

MB73&R#87X

9
M.AT-09M^'8W&G QHVA]&KWM?\NK;Q2T;VVTBQV%_BKEGX!_*1(/WTVO?ZBK'

M

M


7$:; =3;6Q'9GV^QPE3';90Y/?V%(QS8(;Q*%HTQ)N/N0;YQ
M2779^%G(%;#T=A8-7?X3C


EV+\+=S.3



MNK%:019
NC_T/NZ)3FO&.AJMT%(R!/6+EV Q[
_&WM8VB

MC4#Q&V!5BF0^!TG$V.#.8('FF
@IF2;]\3#L8Q@G8\IKCY:[84]:
1XI%CUI
MDTXU3]  ^IA( NUR;6W-3VYK
NU/!GVJ.96
6MN:G=Y6T@=94:Q(7SSPY[-L



FYO+_9;NG#4_?


)+.=P67PFJ^ 8%YP._


I]SYJC8_'6ZV6?KZ'*5;N#^


M-M




M\(2PK&H\D#5:Q;*B=_





-!\QYLA(_\(SQ+X=C-6P05E.5]@;D6
)JZP=LZPTLYNA1.XSH<

)$S?F#%]H^&PM1#R

MMZ+SG@/6#I



M]*]
QVS645'7;Z$(/[(I'@Q(4!PJ;1S -0\O$1^'9A(DD7=%
@LE5M2W&;J@
D.=U\35_5D4EBQ29'C'<Q

!X4@U)_YW(_:'JM_J6YE

NMYXDXUYK3I@AW-&P7\-1/$-X!]:ZQSM:3H;/Y4(^1/;R

M*!X


XDV@ZZR5)/)]/X5.,Q?62(;W]L8TTCJ_\HC]$P6G6
M7^JS_O)O'W-6Y_\E\C7NFQ]BYEH9A*&F$SIR/D& X0G1;
%_:
?W;]C0B^=

9
M5;!/AK/#O %/%YT)W]_^R/ERND+M*-E!T=R2P8(J$L

M*RBLD#D)G[M35C J#JY;


M/3)1
ZD$-=;AY)2WFIR\=V3GQ S.5
BF[D+6&_XTS^M!I!E;'02T3D5ZB1)X
M60V*E$VT2TF[+G6-.


M JB

(C0&_M!KD*.MK]O$

CQ


M^)-6A;-Z7%[_0EM_










5Q?+2IX=DL0JE2$WI1=


-ARBX
MD@ZF,;S&;XQ1 /U@,/5!_%X,NO]H42#-P1J$ F(-3.YHL(9+5X/II$R61!
M/L)D.(XGXT&4)--X 3)0
+XNH







M]

[J935@X?
MPAL


MP]*U44

[


MO6;@4;QYQ

S'!7IUS'1K



4DD.?.\B?CU5+
MP(UKLBT6;IB.)9:&H;HN!NV.[!4'NN9K'X7.%0N<'UM';_ P&/U8E)*NVW35
M] J0=%P=S/+,R))9DW%ZQO;!,#;<'@HY^P\-.6M][B3&^@_UTI5\+&N
R[7


-PSD:VE&:N



M@A]\=S7:XO1^%E/7CPQ3A/2M0?1I1]IN31.U \
9B
VK#!6]M:WP2]QK_<S9F-G<9V+B_SV[JS1-
M2N^*^R_A(-SNR*D<KNT03Z(^S+6$[,HCD]J76\[ /L)G9_+LSY2M(9,@8=HW
M\^((CDCO)P1#8US%
BQ2!0O[$^NL!]KE1O)L5U340Z)1Q% %=S^&W@2;?







M63C3.4'I4+JRHM4JX/!;9SWD^KXN.2^V56)-WLRA\/KJKFKF3_6+0 M+B0*=
M7ZE=

M+K&==RH(I07A_

M7DJ]UX!G/.!#4PI&:TXQ33E.RKSN[NLK)UW/2#;CA/;=C:\+]=!?7Z@8%]+
MB0%V-(LY+CG'//6VEZ4)@N?4&L#AO
C10HWE1AGBH
NMGQK[]GUZM(UJS^E








SIA'G# F

M


M4E]'7K/876J8 7H+_%QEVYJU$1M=IT^T(FI4+K-68VR0%
1EQA#MG&AKQ4*.

85N
M-E

\KQ)W!V^0J8AA


MTX[ L3M?#&O$5:-T;X'OR)F1I*1N)=8_1$ZC7^U$4\-OU9T&&![SW]0PMHO)
M

MW%SF)0C@R*/5RU:O2^.E+SSDC^FZ7O@6XTLEKA-CYXKGRJ3DBC24BB^.I@$A

M$@ZZEBR3I'V::SWNB5$3GM60&NFJ%'+PF61+
!72W!:4?8@N1AK/_W?\$
ML[KV].B@0U73B!X<R_8(8[9.J^/5QQ7WHS\:Q)H6K*I$QR7+CSD4*D4A39+^
M!0,@04=/EO54@4X$RCCF@X

MQR=_I&TFA'+&@5=(8:PV4I$/T@))Z693G=
:8[G-?2NZ2')K-@.#Y-)$T)Z0



M!M4HZQ:R.8GRQ:.D?BKR*L$
3'A]??F+J0]=!(+_E B#5GV7/B+C'0'(%
MQD[W6H2C*SGEH,=S:BH\'8:+=^&1+L.2%*S2.Y$%QMMK(#ISN*A*1F'SN'T
MI!P-NT





/T%J8.6:F')T.V&



MQ(GL181W^'P9X!WVE?%3 3(:
M[)22.!UBZ-


A_A@O&[0X
T.?QQ;
0(NF
MP \^W\0=GA2;DMR&YW[UQ8S_YXCRT=A-].?#_[=;7(

M@-&=TQ#?'*&F[)
C5@*ZJCB&4P/A8L RP%-;%22&NCSW/@&V;I+J#:+C1LD




MB9NYD!I.D-[


MPQ?V$)NC:P^L))V^UVN+V8?C,M.EI-GM:%X/AJZGKV5\1^7RG


M+VURN?/TMSRM&1%U=3G.K\L7Q8+NS!0)0AT7[1&P.J$Y
O2@R96%6C$N;G_(
MY





M
C6L%?WV5IA#=KJN^WF^=6$!ACEL)^XJ^2;7&T1Q%-5N B$5W!2/JQ)OV.O
MGT94RYF=%C@*$LLR(7WI/FH'(G3JC16D8JT2+;U2KLR;WLX% :_6R\.G9


%0\CX0T$BQY..0Q_E7=W)WQWYQ89



M;38RII*O@%$%;LC8HY\@O82Y?CMP9B3-SNS@9-5,?&U*C9XMP#5&_-07&M


MK'5#^9QB#1Y68Z@]/CTT64^W =6]ZC?


M2#&A/9.C+P/L!.%[%B5

M39JMNPX(H&*@



X(5F7C(7X'(AMF\GQDWV^)R
3
MH::U+$W/6-/=#6Q[


*$]$'PE.V3C
X=5 /






MYWXHE]




M

M9OIU]DHF/Z&?Q
JNQ(;L!((SV+'T!OU_Y&C2]P&O&2KQA*CDC$Y\X3H7QWZ
M+% 9F95L? ]84 -&TO.
@984JCD&_
^)3'EK&+ 6X)*3=
B[S;QWK#
V9?=

MHI


M8_2H!/F;X9TN:'2P$0Q- :SYMD
#)6_R.0;WFN\ 9;6B6QG4+_R'*&88B6C;


FGP
*JZ
JWKAA2F

;
GD:
$.P2 YDLUFI64%
M5E(/!G2'ZE*P3J5ZYMB&%H[
-H$Q29NF8J%OUCG4*H.52B%B5/I
5NMDUT@M



MY)D8L05W0O?7EU?DM]II TA&N@@P/0VZH[Y!C!90K(_P)NC8B=Y7KYI6$9S


[*9XO^J1K
M9N\W IY)[Q8%Z8/V/P-C


5


W6CSAWQ-U[I/ KCH.2T7EJLHFH
M+YTE5S[T1\5SIYDLM@L

*CL)\65E:A@G\SQ)B+Y3?YY

]0HW8O26$:4SM/9$0B';\OEWS!QY@?^




Y&$ \4#7]7U:YIG?



W4]$ZF)FZ*
M$HR^#85XSV='A?7^/8:$$I0IMH/P#1A$R/Y=DOB2:7WP&;]CPY$1H4P=_I

#R(*Y4C1%&9D.YR]K



M'U1B



M/TAC1?JN4P/$UW&MCED^X] LV-/=GJ-UR 2S
)H?3!CS0]\^BO3Q$O8!U$\'
MG]2?-/+QI\W*Z31SF[UUB*SH8=

M@TI8'%


-7
MG\#^LC


6$1GF7Q45L-8R/BT0OF3PR13UO#N_U
M.$=@\(5C57/4Q+LMAA)+9Q^QRSZU0DE-R_;7DVN1OJ8/2\%C#+9NN+HSC\R-












'

MK@Y=KQ_//


(/Z85B![
K)
MTVZ6ILVIMU&!'HTTR%
PLE8/\/E'/!B'



M*WQT[C0$




9_!UH!0B+&:A



M_H-WB')?51
H4!P&E
-%OY4
$_-.:X04'BU'7OZ9MUEQ.2]\X;;'A\_[=A

$]A)/W8VG;F0U\7Q\*
N)4RV2G'CJM4E/OBR1W_M?%E_N_CW!

M_:


B_XYCTY^M.;





V^7?! *K@_@44#;%5D



M:LPY!#1T\\/=W7JU=)6

M^_U








S[M-D.5Q!HL2#\Z^)2'4!  RO
MW:P&DNQ#B@?=18^=&U


M0#R3GSR@6Q^6%(;(2%W+#2H=&




#';E T][L=E#7VMYU )^]733MPI





M+$^._G;L[QV

I24T





+%CM
M(HLC:EJ/NERI;,:I*)
M[,9NV^Y2SO#2'3X;7%_K\3+
BER1S=C;A6EV4IZ(;R?9G=:FC!$[M00
_W!

]

:_=^&1R.%(6F&020

M$GUG0CRXM



M*SQUN


MO?9#

$

M3KY[J


S%!V

M+N\1FU




M:AQF4HR;.\?.890)![0F+
*WA-&5HC8K(YRRC7//K.13JDS:F:RH'U5$\N
M'+B1/?!.AU

@'N77'((+

M%5+1)Z-GKTIB'* P6H/2--GV?%.D7$*C^^O49


6;6U/;.!2 _XHF+]N=





MI;S9Z^QVA*PK=ZQ-I?RAK-1G[^J5MHN]3J\CYMJ'ZB(^N_EDJ:TN];V:-4=A
MZ6Z_.*_OG:VDN2B\



GCPW.Z!D\
*%//



A4?%'BD79KM 2UM)



1


@-DR;1:UM9(IJPR8K4*G4P)C
M4FH9

0MF6WZPK65FE&DR9M.0B4):EI1I


U#!Y(9QJ3
DS&;YRA4NFQ:YE50\]J(4TA=H4@/526U2;H099Z
V3QT
MO(O#\HQR4
;L(!HSJ73*0=E;+KQ\'^(52\I!0_ZIM)6SCRN 22X1FR?&I!PT


MHIIX7AB
2:[Z

M$)F;IUM2* OES!:B
7'HD5

M7+



T5X]!C1%EHQ&PA/-75H)ZMV@&T
MMC/EDRY$66C$;:'(MMF(4T:;MWV^-3O&IPT8K;0OTHOEG%;G^MO%PTH5%=

C
MZ2WTH  5WJRU84Q*0&/V-W (S&0F84P):





!2%X:T8

+A@7RG_B#0-W'

Z:N]^74UH?N4L[77[9=?VJ'Z]=^9R[M


MH# =%.A!.AVD]* X'13I06DZ*-&#\G10I@?9)9!QR4]6/.UMH!KR_?: K M
M7VP+R+9\LRU V_+5MH!MRW?; K@M7VX+Z+9\NRW V_+U%JW\/46H+?
\*R-


M[\37.P&]$U_O!/1.?+T3T#OQ]4Y [\37.P&]TPRSWFC8FZ]W GHGOMX9Z)WY

X*[


N*(^_0902P
$%     @ ?8-3


?Q

MD36CR)I19

M6E)D+2FR5A19*XJL%476BB)K=459EV
\Z&[\5Y*?TW1XF2^6/X/=_@902P$
M% ,4     !]@U-0'R// \     3 @  P              @ $     7W)E
M;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 
4     !]@U-0)^B'#H(   Q    $




  !X

4     !]@U-0_?D2NH$
E-) @  #0@  !@              ( !
MP!8  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'V#4U#

M965T-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !]@U-0TFCJ/_(!  #\!   &




YX;6Q0
M2P$% 
4     !]@U-0?)0_R*D!  / P  &0              @ $Q+0
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ ?8-34$O-52G 0  D0
  !D


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !]








M970Q.2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !]@U-0M8YJSZ

M% 



C0N

  !D              ( !






M  @ ?8-34)$B)I^H 0  D0

M:&5E='





4     !]@U-0)GNC9JL!  1 P  &0

R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'V#

M+W-H965T
S

  !D


4





M='

YX;6Q02P$% 
4     !]@U-0+SNO[D!  #V P  &0

M Q0    ( 'V#4U FW&X)NP$  /8#   9                69I  !X;]W

MD0


RYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     !]@U-0%6F*ZP!  1 P  &0              @ $Z





4     !]@U-0^0G'72 



O

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !]@U-0:4S57IP  #B   &0

M   ( 'V#4U#&C3;B0P(  
T&   9                9&+  !X;]W;W)K












M% 


  'P3   9

M  @ ?8-34

M:&5E='




4





MRF1ET0


  !D



M!23ZD

&PO<W1Y;&5S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'V#4U!EL6KD6@<  !4^   /
M            2R 0!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !]@U-0

4     !]@U-0AQ:.WDX   4-@  $P
M        @ &MO $ 6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+!08     9P!G $

(   LOP$    !
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019



 2018
 and 2017 (in thousands):













Balance at December&#160;31
 2016 


&#160;&#160;(1
103








Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of&#160;tax&#160;benefit&#160;of&#160;$57 





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of tax benefit of $11 

















Balance at December&#160;30
 2017 


&#160;&#160;(1
288


Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of&#160;taxes&#160;of&#160;$64 





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of taxes of $29 





2018-02
 

















Balance at December&#160;29
 2018 


&#160;&#160;(1
197








Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs
 net of&#160;taxes&#160;of&#160;$150 





Amortization of Deferred benefit costs
 net of taxes of $26 

















Balance at December&#160;28
 2019 


&#160;&#160;(1
669






















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 28
 2019






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






 or the term of the production agreement
 whichever is shorter








Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






 or the remaining useful life of the building
 whichever is shorter








Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]













Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).

























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.























































































































































































































































