

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-13-067288
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121229
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130220
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BOSTON BEER CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000949870
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				043284048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1226
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14092
		FILM NUMBER:		13627136
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DESIGN CENTER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 850
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-368-5061
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE DESIGN CENTER PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 850
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210












 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
Washington








For the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 
 






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; to &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;. 


(Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter)















One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 




Securities
registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b) of the Act: 













Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g) of the Act:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Exchange
Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)

<FONT

 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulations S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
to the best of the registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) 













Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
The aggregate market value of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock ($.01 par value) held by non-affiliates of the registrant totaled $1
010.6 million (based on
the average price of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June&nbsp;30
 2012). All of the registrant&#146;s Class B Common Stock ($.01 par value) is held by an affiliate. 
As of February&nbsp;15
 2013
 there were 8
758
696 shares outstanding of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock ($.01 par value) and 4
107
355
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Certain parts of the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2013 Annual Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;29
 2013 are
incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 




THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FOR THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 29
 2012 

















































































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities








































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence















































 



 





The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
(&#147;Boston Beer&#148; or the &#147;Company&#148;) is the largest craft brewer in the United States. In fiscal 2012
 Boston Beer sold approximately 2.7&nbsp;million barrels of its proprietary products (&#147;core brands&#148;) and brewed or
packaged approximately 19
During 2012
 the






 and five beers under two brand names under its Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science subsidiary. Boston Beer produces malt beverages and hard cider at Company-owned
breweries and under contract arrangements at other brewery locations. The Company-owned breweries are located in Boston
 Massachusetts (the &#147;Boston Brewery&#148;)
 Cincinnati
 Ohio (the &#147;Cincinnati Brewery&#148;)
 Breinigsville
Pennsylvania (the &#147;Pennsylvania Brewery&#148;) and Los Angeles
 California
The Company&#146;s
principal executive offices are located at One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02210


 the United States beer industry consisted of
hundreds of small breweries that brewed full-flavored beers. After the end of Prohibition
 most domestic brewers shifted production to less flavorful
 lighter beers
 which use lower-cost ingredients
 and can be mass-produced to take advantage of
economies of scale in production. This shift towards mass-produced beers coincided with consolidation in the beer industry. Today
 two major brewers
 Anheuser-Busch InBev (&#147;AB InBev&#148;) and MillerCoors LLC (&#147;MillerCoors&#148;)
 comprise
 of all United States domestic beer production
The Company&#146;s beers are primarily
positioned in the Better Beer category of the beer industry
 which includes craft (small
 independent and traditional) brewers
 domestic specialty beers and most imports. Better Beers are determined by higher price
 quality
 image and taste
 as
 is one of the largest brands in the Better Beer category of
the United States brewing industry. In addition
 AB InBev and MillerCoors have entered the Better Beer category
 either by developing their own domestic specialty beers
 acquiring
 in whole or part
 existing craft brewers
 or by importing and
distributing foreign brewers&#146; brands. The Company estimates that in 2012 the craft beer category grew approximately 11% to 13%
 and the Better Beer category was up approximately 6% to 7%
 while the total beer category was up approximately
The domestic
beer industry
 excluding Better Beers
 has experienced a decline in shipments over the last ten years. The Company believes that this decline is due to declining alcohol consumption per person in the population
 drinkers trading up to drink high
quality
 more flavorful beers and increased competition from wine and spirits companies. During the past thirty years
 domestic light beers
 which are beers with fewer calories than the brewers&#146; traditional beers
 have experienced significant
Twisted
Tea
 such as 


 Mike&#146;s Hard Lemonade
Lime-a-Rita are flavored malt beverages that are typically priced competitively with Better
Beers. The Company believes that the FMB category comprises approximately 2% of United States beer consumption. The Company believes that the volume comprising the FMB category increased 9% in 2012 and that the increased volume in 2012 was due to
the launch of Bud Light Lime
 



 product line competes within the hard cider category. Hard ciders
are typically priced competitively with Better Beers and may compete with beer
 wine
 spirits
 or FMBs for drinkers. Some of these competitors include C&amp;C Group PLC under the brand names &#145;Woodchuck&#146;
 &#145;Magners&#146; and
&#145;Hornsby&#146;s&#146;; Heineken under the brand name &#145;Strongbow&#146;; MillerCoors under the brand name &#145;Crispin Cider&#146; and ABI InBev under &#145;Michelob Ultra Cider.&#146; The Company believes that the hard cider category
comprises less than 0.5% of United States beer consumption and that the volume comprising the hard cider category increased 60% to 70% in 2012. 
The
Company&#146;s business goal is to become the leading brewer in the Better Beer category by creating and offering high quality full-flavored beers. With the support of a large
 well-trained sales organization and world-class brewers
 the Company
strives to achieve this goal by brewing great products
 and increasing brand availability and awareness through advertising
 point-of-sale





<SUP
The Samuel Adams<FONT

 but receives limited
promotional support. The Small Batch Collection
 brand family has grown
brand family was launched in the second half of 2011 in several markets. In 2012
 the Company completed its
The following is a list of significant continuing
styles as of December&nbsp;29
 2012: 



























































 




























































































































































































































 



Certain products may be produced at select times during the year solely for inclusion
in the Company&#146;s variety packs. During 2012
Mighty Oak Ale
 Brewers Choice Variety Mix Pack
 East West Kolsh
were brewed and included in the Summer Styles variety pack
 Chocolate Bock

Samuel
During 2012
IPA Hopology Variety Mix Pack
 a specialty
 Latitude 48 IPA
 Grumpy Monk Belgian IPA along with three Small Batch IPA beers
 Dark Depths
 Tasman
 Third Voyage. Also
 Hop Tour Variety Six Pack
Samuel
Also during 2012
 the Company released a variety of specialty draft beers brewed in limited quantities for its Single
Batch Series
In 2012
 and
 brand families. The company believes the gross profits from these brands have helped the Company increase its investment in Samuel Adams and have built a stronger Boston Beer brand portfolio with wholesalers and retailers. The
Company will continue to look for complementary opportunities to leverage its capabilities


 flavored malt beverages and hard cider styles and the rationalization of its product line
 as a whole. Periodically
 the Company
discontinues certain styles
 


beverages. To that end
 American
 beer drinkers and employees of the Company submit homebrews for
 six-pack in the following year. During the year
 the Company sold over fifty
 beers commercially and brewed many more test brews. The Company&#146;s Boston Brewery spends most of its time ideating
 testing and developing beers and ciders for the Company&#146;s potential future commercial development.
In late 2011
 the Company formed a subsidiary
 A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science
 headed by Alan Newman
founder of Magic Hat Brewing
 as a craft brew incubator headquartered in Burlington
 Vermont. The mission of Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science is to find new opportunities in craft brewing which may be geographical or stylistic and some may be with
existing breweries or brewpubs. Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science will be looking for unique brewing techniques and ingredients
 as well as hunting for ancient or new recipes and beer styles to develop and introduce to beer lovers
 and will have the
brewing talents and broad resources of the Company as it looks for opportunities around the country. During the first quarter of 2012
 Alchemy and Science purchased the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 a Los Angeles based craft
brewer doing business as Angel City Brewing Company. During 2012
 Angel City Brewery launched two new beers
 Angeleno IPA and Eureka Wit on draft in the Los Angeles market
 and the Angel City Brewery and Beer Hall in downtown Los Angeles opened to
the public in the first quarter of 2013. Also during 2012
 Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science formed 
 



 
House of Shandy (later renamed Traveler Beer Co.) which rolled out in test markets with its Curious Traveler and Tenacious Traveler shandy style beers. The Traveler Beer Co. is likely to roll-out
Sales
 Distribution and Marketing 
The Company sells its products to a network of approximately 340 wholesale distributors. These distributors
 in turn
 sell the products to retailers
 such
as pubs
 restaurants
 grocery
 convenience stores
 package stores
 stadiums and other retail outlets
 where the products are sold to drinkers. With few exceptions
 the Company&#146;s products are not the primary brands in distributors&#146;
portfolios. Thus
 the Company
 in addition to competing with other malt beverages for a share of the drinker&#146;s business
 competes with other brewers for a share of the distributor&#146;s attention
 time and selling efforts. 
The Company sells its products predominantly in the United States
 but also has markets in Canada
 Europe
 Israel
 the Caribbean
 the Pacific Rim and
During 2012
 the Company&#146;s largest customer accounted for approximately 6% of the Company&#146;s net sales. The top three customers accounted for approximately 12%
 collectively. In some states
 the terms of the Company&#146;s
contracts with its distributors may be affected by laws that restrict the enforcement of some contract terms
 especially those related to the Company&#146;s right to terminate the services of its distributors. 
Most core brands are shipped within days of completion and there has not been any significant product order backlog. The Company has historically
received most of its orders in the first week of a month for products to be shipped the following month and would carry three to five weeks of packaged inventory (usually at ambient temperatures) and three to four weeks of draft inventory.
In an effort to reduce both the time and temperature the Company&#146;s beers&#146; experience at wholesaler warehouses before reaching the
market
 the Company introduced its Freshest Beer Program with domestic wholesalers in several markets in late 2010. The goal of the Freshest Beer Program is to provide better on-time service
 forecasting
 production planning and cooperation with the
wholesalers
 while substantially reducing inventory levels at the wholesaler. At December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company had 89 wholesalers participating in the program at various stages of inventory reduction
 which constitutes over 59% of its volume.
The Company believes that by the end of 2013 between 65% and 75% of its volume will be in the Freshest Beer Program. The Company successfully reduced the inventories of participating wholesalers by approximately two weeks
 resulting in fresher beer
being delivered to retail. The Freshest Beer Program has resulted in lower shipments of approximately 50
000
 133
000 and 241
000 case equivalents in 2010
 2011 and 2012
 respectively
 when measured at the end of the year
 which historically has
been the low point of the year for wholesaler inventories. The wholesaler ordering process has changed significantly for wholesalers that participate in the Freshest Beer Program and has resulted in a shorter period between order placement and
During 2012
Boston Beer had a sales force of approximately 330 people
 which the Company believes is one of the largest in the domestic beer industry. The Company&#146;s sales organization is designed to develop and strengthen relations at each level of the
three-tier distribution system by providing educational and promotional programs encompassing distributors
 retailers and drinkers. The Company&#146;s sales force has a high level of product knowledge and is trained in the details of the brewing and
selling processes. Sales representatives typically carry hops
 barley and other samples to educate wholesale and retail buyers about the quality and taste of the Company&#146;s beers. The Company has developed strong relationships with its
distributors and retailers
The Company also
engages in media campaigns &#151; primarily television
 radio
 billboards and print. These media efforts are complemented by participation in sponsorships of cultural and community events
 local beer festivals
 industry-related trade shows and
promotional events at local establishments
 to the extent permitted under local laws and regulations. The Company uses a wide array of point-of-sale items (banners
 neons
 umbrellas
 glassware
 display pieces
 signs and menu stands) designed to
stimulate impulse sales and continued awareness. 
 



The Company launched a philanthropic program in 2008 called Samuel Adams Brewing the
. Partnering with ACCION USA
 the nation&#146;s largest non-profit micro-lender
 the program is
designed to provide low to moderate income small business owners in the food
 beverage and hospitality industries with small loans and support through training and &#147;speed coaching&#148; programs. Since its inception

the American Dream
The


States and Canada was consistent with ten-year averages overall in terms of quality and quantity. The 2011
 barley crop in the United States and Canada was slightly below ten-year averages overall in terms of quality and quantity. The 2012 and 2011
barley crop prices were significantly above the comparable averages. The Company purchased most of the malt used in the production of its beer from two major suppliers during 2012. The Company currently has a multi-year contract with one supplier
but also believes that there are other malt vendors available that are capable of supplying its needs. 


aroma properties and include Hallertau-Hallertauer
 Tettnang-Tettnanger
 Hersbruck-Hersbrucker and Spalt-Spalter from Germany and Saaz-Saazer from the Czech Republic. Noble hops are rare and more expensive than most other varieties of hops.
Traditional English hops
 namely
 East Kent Goldings and English Fuggles
 are used in many of the Company&#146;s ales and United States hops
 namely Ahtanum
 Cascade and Simcoe are used in certain of the Companys ales and lagers. The Company enters
into purchase commitments with six hops dealers
 based on the Company&#146;s projected future volumes and brewing needs. The dealers then contract with farmers to meet the Company&#146;s needs. The contracts with the hop dealers are denominated in
Euros for the German and Czech hops
 in Pounds Sterling for the English hops and in US Dollars for United States hops. The Company does not currently hedge its forward currency commitments. The crops harvested in 2012 were consistent with historical
averages in terms of both quality and quantity for most hop varieties and the Company expects to realize near full delivery on hops that were contracted for. While under-delivery occurred with some niche varieties
 this under-delivery was not
significant and is not expected to impact the production of the Company&#146;s beers. The Company attempts to maintain approximately two year&#146;s supply of essential hop varieties on-hand in order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in
supply. The Company stores its hops in multiple cold storage warehouses to minimize the impact of a catastrophe at a single site. 
The Company maintains a supply of proprietary strains of yeast used in its breweries. Since these
yeasts would be impossible to duplicate if destroyed


European suppliers and include bittersweet apples from France and culinary apples from Italy. There is limited availability of these apples and many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 farmers rotating from apples to other crops
government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture
 could affect both price and supply. During 2012
 the Company experienced shortages of apples that impacted the timing of shipments of ciders to wholesalers. In late 2012
 the Company
entered into purchase commitments with apple suppliers
 designed to cover its 2013 needs. The Company is evaluating entering into multiple year contracts for apples with various suppliers. 
 



.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company maintains competitive sources for most
.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company maintains competitive sources for the supply of certain packaging materials
 such as shipping cases
 six-pack carriers and crowns. The Company enters into limited-term supply agreements with certain vendors in order to receive preferential
pricing. Currently
 glass and labels are each supplied by a single source


returned glass bottles. The cost associated with reusing the glass varies
 based on the costs of collection
 sorting and handling
 including arrangements with retailers
 wholesalers and dealers in recycled products. There is no guarantee that the
current economics relating to the use of returned glass will continue or that the Company will continue to reuse returnable bottles. 
As of
December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company employed over fifteen brewmasters to monitor the Company&#146;s brewing operations and control the production of its beers and ciders. Extensive tests
 tastings and evaluations are typically required to ensure
 beer
 
With the exception of certain specialty products
 the Company includes a clearly legible &#147;freshness&#148; code on every bottle
 products in order to ensure that its customers enjoy only the freshest beer. Boston
Beer was the first American brewer to use this practice. 
During 2012
 the Company brewed and packaged approximately 90% of its core brand volume at Company-owned breweries. The Company had capital investments in
2012 of approximately $67 million to invest in efficiency projects
 support the increasing complexity of its portfolio and the Freshest Beer Program
 and to expand the quality
 capacity and capabilities of its breweries to meet anticipated future
growth. The Company expects to invest between $70 million and $85 million in 2013
 after which capital investment should return to a level of between $30 million and $50 million
 including capacity expansion initiatives to accommodate expected
growth; however
 the actual amount spent may well be different from these estimates. Under this capital plan
 along with expanding the Company&#146;s use of production arrangements with third parties
 the Company believes it should be able to
support the projected growth in 2013. The Company continues to evaluate capacity optimization at its breweries and the potential significant capital required for expansion of absolute capacity at its existing breweries. 
The Company-owned breweries are located in Breinigsville
 Pennsylvania (&#147;Pennsylvania Brewery&#148;)
 Cincinnati
 Ohio &#147;Cincinnati
Brewery&#148;)
 Boston
 Massachusetts (&#147;Boston Brewery&#148;) and Los Angeles
 California
 (the &#147;Angel City Brewery&#148;). The Pennsylvania and Cincinnati Breweries produce the full range of the Company&#146;s core brands and produce most
of the Company&#146;s shipment volume. The Pennsylvania Brewery is the Company&#146;s largest brewery and the Cincinnati Brewery is the primary brewery for the production of most of the Company&#146;s specialty and lower volume products. The Boston
 Barrel Room Collection and certain keg beers for the local market. The Angel City Brewery
production currently supports draft accounts in the Los Angeles market and on-premise consumption at its beer hall. Product development entails researching market needs and competitive products
 sample brewing and market taste testing. Most of the
Company&#146;s 
 



The Company currently has a brewing and packaging services agreement with City Brewing Company
 LLC
 to
produce its products at facilities in Latrobe
 Pennsylvania and La Crosse
 Wisconsin and an agreement with Pleasant Valley Wine Company to brew and/or package at facilities in Hammondsport
 New York. The Company carefully selects breweries and
packaging facilities owned by others with (i)&nbsp;the capability of utilizing traditional brewing methods and (ii)&nbsp;first-rate quality control capabilities throughout brewing
 fermentation
 finishing and packaging. Under its brewing and
packaging arrangements with third parties
 the Company is charged a service fee based on units produced at each of the facilities and bears the costs of raw materials
 excise taxes and deposits for pallets and kegs and specialized equipment required
The Company believes that it has secured sufficient alternatives in the event that production
at any of its brewing locations is interrupted
 although as volumes at the Pennsylvania Brewery increase
 interruptions there could become more problematic. In addition
 the Company may not be able to maintain its current economics if interruptions
were to occur and could face significant delays in starting up such replacement brewing locations. Potential interruptions at breweries include labor issues
 governmental actions
 quality issues
 contractual disputes
 machinery failures or
operational shut downs. Also
 as the brewing industry has consolidated
 the financial stability of the breweries owned by others where the Company could brew some of its beers
 if necessary
 and their ability or willingness to meet the
Company&#146;s needs


competitive due to the large number of craft brewers and imported beers with similar pricing and target drinkers. The Company anticipates competition and innovation among domestic craft brewers to remain strong
 as craft brewers experienced their
eighth successive year of growth in 2012 and there were many new startups. The Company estimates there are approximately 3
600 breweries in operation or in the planning stages up from approximately 420 operating craft breweries in 2006. Also
existing craft breweries are building more capacity
 expanding geographically
 adding more SKUs and styles
 as distributors and retailers are promoting and making more shelf space available for more craft beer brands. 
Imported beers


 continue to
compete aggressively in the United States and have gained market share over the last ten years. These import competitors may have substantially greater financial resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company. The two
largest brewers in the United States
 MillerCoors and AB InBev
 have entered the Better Beer category with domestic specialty beers
 either by developing their own beers
 acquiring
 in whole or part
 existing craft brewers
 importing and


 AB InBev agreed to purchase an additional 50% interest in the Mexican brewer Grupo Modelo
 owner of Corona and other imported brands for $20.1 billion
 which if completed would result in AB


 wine and spirits have been competing more directly with beers. The Company


 time and selling
efforts. In retail establishments
 the Company competes for shelf
 cold box and tap space. From a drinker perspective
 competition exists for brand acceptance and loyalty. The principal factors of competition in the Better Beer segment of the beer
industry include product quality and taste
 brand advertising and imagery
 trade and drinker promotions
 pricing
 packaging and the development of new products. 
 



The Company distributes its products through independent distributors who may also distribute
competitors&#146; products. Certain brewers have contracts with their distributors that impose requirements on distributors that are intended to maximize the wholesalers&#146; attention
 time and selling efforts on that brewer&#146;s products. These
contracts generally result in increased competition among brewers as the contracts may affect the manner in which a distributor allocates selling effort and investment to the brands included in its portfolio. The Company closely monitors these and
The
Company has certain competitive advantages over the regional craft brewers
 including a long history of awards for product quality
 greater available resources and the ability to distribute and promote its products on a more cost-effective basis.
Additionally
 the Company believes it has competitive advantages over imported beers
 including lower transportation costs
 higher product quality
 a lack of import charges and superior product freshness. 
 products compete within the FMB category of the beer industry. This category is highly competitive due to
 among
other factors
 the presence of large spirits companies




 state and local governments. These regulations govern the production and distribution of alcoholic beverages
 including permitting
 licensing
marketing and advertising
 distributor relationships
 sales
 environmental
 and occupational health and safety issues. To operate its breweries
 the Company must obtain and maintain numerous permits
 licenses and approvals from various governmental
agencies
 including the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau
 the Food and Drug Administration


 license fees and other similar charges and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The federal excise tax on malt
beverages is $18 per barrel
 on hard cider (with alcohol by volume of 7% or less) is $0.226 per gallon and on artificially carbonated wine (hard cider with alcohol by volume greater than 7%) is $3.30 per gallon. States levy excise tax at varying
rates based on the type of beverage and alcohol content. Failure by the Company to comply with applicable federal
 state or local laws and regulations could result in higher taxes
 penalties
 fees and suspension or revocation of permits
 licenses or
approvals. While there can be no assurance that any such regulatory action would not have a material adverse effect upon the Company or its operating results
 the Company is not aware of any infraction affecting any of its licenses or permits that
would materially impact its ability to continue its current operations. 
The Company has obtained United States Trademark Registrations for over 90 trademarks




 Samuel Adams Boston Lager
Samuel Adams Utopias


 and Samuel
. It also has a number of common law marks
 including Infinium&#153;. The
 trademark
 trademark
 the design logo of Samuel Adams
 trademark and other Company trademarks are also registered or registration is pending in various foreign
countries. The Company regards its 
 



 
its products. The Company is not aware of any trademark infringements that could materially affect its current business or any prior claim to the trademarks that would prevent the Company from


The
Company&#146;s operations are subject to a variety of extensive and changing federal
 state and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws
 regulations and ordinances that govern activities or operations that may have adverse
effects on human health or the environment. Environmental laws
 regulations or ordinances may impose liability for the cost of remediation
 and for certain damages resulting from
 sites of past releases of hazardous materials. The Company believes
that it currently conducts
 and in the past has conducted
 its activities and operations in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws
 and believes that any costs arising from existing environmental laws will not have a material
The Company has adopted various policies and procedures
intended to ensure that its facilities meet occupational health and safety requirements. The Company believes that it currently is in compliance with applicable requirements and will continue to endeavor to remain in compliance. There can be no
assurances
 however
 that new and more restrictive requirements might not be adopted
 compliance with which might have a material
 adverse financial effect on the Company and its operating results
 or that such policies and procedures will be
As part of its efforts to be environmentally friendly
 the Company has
reused its glass bottles returned from certain states that have bottle deposit bills. The Company believes that it benefits economically from washing and reusing these bottles
 which result in a lower cost than purchasing new glass
 and that it
benefits the environment by the reduction in landfill usage
 the reduction of usage of raw materials and the lower utility costs for reusing bottles versus producing new bottles. The economics of using recycled glass varies based on the cost of
collection
 sorting and handling
 and may be affected by local regulation
 and retailer
 distributor and glass dealer behavior. There is no guarantee that the current economics of using returned glass will continue
 or that the Company will continue


 2012
 the Company employed approximately 950 people
 of which approximately 79 were covered by collective bargaining agreements at the Cincinnati Brewery. The representation
involves three labor unions with one contract expiring in 2015 and two expiring in 2017. The Company believes it maintains a good working relationship with all three labor unions and has no reason to believe that the good working relationship will
not continue. The Company has experienced no work stoppages
 or threatened work stoppages
 and believes that its employee relations are good. 
The Company submitted the
Section&nbsp;12(a) CEO Certification to the New York Stock Exchange in accordance with the requirements of Section&nbsp;303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual.&nbsp;This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains at Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 the
certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 respectively
 in accordance with the requirements of Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Company makes available free of charge copies of its Annual
Report on Form 10-K
 as well as other reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 on the Company&#146;s website at 
 or upon written request to Investor Relations
 The
Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 One Design Center Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02210. 
 






In
addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 the risks described below should be carefully considered before deciding to invest in shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock. These are risks and uncertainties
that management believes are most likely to be material and therefore are most important for an investor to consider. The Company&#146;s business operations and results may also be adversely affected by additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to it
 or which it currently deems immaterial
 or which are similar to those faced by other companies in its industry or business in general. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occurs
 the Company&#146;s
business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows would likely suffer. In that event


category within the United States beer market is highly competitive
 due to the large number of craft brewers with similar pricing and target drinkers and gains in market share achieved by domestic specialty beers and imported beers
 a number of
which are now promoted or imported by the two largest domestic brewing companies
 AB InBev and MillerCoors. The Company faces strong competition from these two brewers as they introduce new domestic specialty brands to many markets and expand their
efforts behind existing brands. Imported beers


 is one of the largest brands
in the Better Beer category of the United States brewing industry. The Company anticipates competition among domestic craft brewers to remain strong
 as craft brewers experienced their eighth successive year of growth in 2012 and there were many new
startups. In 2012
 the Company estimates there are approximately 3
600 breweries in operation or in the planning stages up from approximately 420 operating craft breweries in 2006. Also
 existing craft breweries are building more capacity
 expanding
geographically
 adding more SKUs and styles as distributors and retailers are promoting and making more shelf space available for more craft beer brands. The continued growth in the sales of craft-brewed domestic beers and in imported beers is
expected to increase the competition in the Better Beer category within the United States beer market and
 as a result
 prices and market share of the Company&#146;s products may fluctuate and possibly decline. No assurance can be given that any
The Company&#146;s products

 products
 also compete generally with other alcoholic beverages. The Company competes with other beer and beverage companies not only for drinker acceptance and loyalty
 but also for shelf
 cold box and tap space in
retail establishments and for marketing focus by the Company&#146;s distributors and their customers
 all of which also distribute and sell other beers and alcoholic beverage products. Many of the Company&#146;s competitors




 AB InBev and MillerCoors
 have substantially greater financial resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company. Moreover
 the introduction
of new products by competitors that compete directly with the Company&#146;s products or that diminish the importance of the Company&#146;s products to retailers or distributors may have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s results of
operations
Further
 in recent years
 the beer industry has seen continued consolidation among brewers in
order to take advantage of cost savings opportunities for supplies
 distribution and operations. Illustrative of this consolidation are the domestic joint venture between SABMiller and Molson Coors and the acquisition of Anheuser Busch by InBev
both of which occurred in 2008
 the acquisition of FEMSA Cerveza by Heineken in 2010
 and the planned acquisition of Grupo Modelo by AB InBev. Due to the increased leverage that these combined operations will have
 the costs to the Company of
competing could increase and the availability of brewing capacity could be reduced. The potential also exists for MillerCoors
 AB InBev and Heineken to increase their influence with their distributors
 making it difficult for smaller brewers to
maintain their market presence or enter new markets. These potential increases in the number and availability of competing brands
 the costs to compete
 reductions in contract brewing capacity and decreases in distribution support and opportunities
may have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. 
 



 
The Company&#146;s future growth may be limited by both its ability to continue to increase its market share in domestic and international markets
including those markets that may be dominated by one or more regional or local craft breweries
 and by the growth in the craft-brewed beer market and the Better Beer market. The development of new products by the Company may lead to reduced sales in
the Company&#146;s other products
. The Company&#146;s future growth may also be limited by its ability to meet production goals at the Company&#146;s owned breweries
 its ability to enter into
new brewing contracts with third party-owned breweries on commercially acceptable terms or the availability of suitable production capacity at third party-owned breweries
 should production at the Company&#146;s owned breweries miss targets
 and its
ability to obtain sufficient quantities of certain ingredients and packaging materials
 such as hops and bottles
The
Unpredictability and Fluctuation of the Company&#146;s Quarterly Results May Adversely Affect the Trading Price of Its Common Stock. The Company&#146;s Advertising and Promotional Investments May Not be Effective. 
The Company&#146;s revenues and results of operations have in the past and may in the future vary from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors
 many
of which are outside of the Company&#146;s control and any of which may cause its stock price to fluctuate. As a growth-oriented company
 the Company has made
 and expects to continue to make
 significant advertising and promotional expenditures to
enhance its brands. These expenditures may not result in higher sales volume. Variations in the levels of advertising and promotional expenditures have in the past caused
 and are expected in the future to continue to cause
 variability in the
Company&#146;s quarterly results of operations. The Company has in the past made
 and expects from time to time in the future to make
 significant advertising and promotional expenditures to enhance its brands even though those expenditures may
adversely affect the Company&#146;s results of operations in a particular quarter or even for the full year
 and may not result in increased sales. While the Company attempts to invest only in effective advertising and promotional expenditures
 it
is difficult to correlate such investments with sales results
 and there is no guarantee that the Company&#146;s expenditures will be effective in building brand equity or growing long term sales. In addition
 the Company fills orders from its
Such a change in wholesaler inventories is
somewhat unpredictable
Unexpected Events at
Company-Owned Breweries
 Reduced Availability of Breweries Owned by Others
 Increased Complexity of the Company&#146;s Business
 or the Expansion Costs of the Company-Owned Breweries Could Have A Material Adverse Effect on the Company&#146;s
Prior to 2008
 the Company pursued a production strategy that combined the capacity at the Cincinnati
Brewery that was acquired in 1997
 with significant production arrangements at breweries owned by third parties. The brewing services arrangements with breweries owned by others allowed the Company to utilize excess capacity
 providing the Company
flexibility
 as well as cost advantages over its competitors
 while maintaining full control over the brewing process for the Company&#146;s beers. The Company purchased the Pennsylvania Brewery in June 2008. As a result
 the volume of core brands
In 2012
 the Company
brewed its flagship beer
 
 at each of its breweries
. The Company expects to brew almost all of
its core brands volume in 2013 at its Company-owned breweries and to have less reliance on brewing services arrangements with third parties. This increased reliance on its own breweries exposes the Company to capacity constraints
 as these breweries
are operating close to current capacity in peak months. Nevertheless
 management believes that it has secured sufficient alternatives for most of its 
 



 
brands and packages in the event that production at any of its brewing locations is interrupted or discontinued
 although it may not be able to maintain its current economics if such a disruption
were to occur and it might experience interruptions to supply. Potential disruptions at breweries include labor issues
 governmental action
 quality issues
 contractual disputes
 machinery failures or operational shut downs. 
The combination of the Company&#146;s recent growth
 increased product complexity
 and its reliance on its own breweries
 continues to increase the
operating complexity of the Company&#146;s business. There can be no assurance that the Company will effectively manage such increasing complexity
 without experiencing planning failures
 operating inefficiencies
 control deficiencies or other
issues that could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business. The growth of the Company
 changes in operating procedures and increased complexity
 are also requiring significant capital investment. 
While the Company has shifted its production to its own breweries
 it continues to avail itself of capacity at third-party breweries. During 2012
 the
Company brewed and/or packaged certain products under service contracts at facilities located in Latrobe
 Pennsylvania and Hammondsport
 New York. In selecting third party breweries for brewing services arrangements
 the Company carefully weighs
brewery&#146;s (i)&nbsp;capability of utilizing traditional brewing methods and (ii)&nbsp;first rate quality control capabilities throughout brewing
 fermentation
 finishing and packaging. To the extent that the Company needs to avail itself of
third party brewing services arrangement
 it exposes itself to higher than planned costs of operating under such contract arrangements than would apply at the Company-owned breweries or an unexpected decline in the brewing capacity available to it
either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s results of operations
As the
brewing industry continues to consolidate
 the financial stability of the breweries owned by others where the Company could brew some of its beers
 if necessary
 and their ability or willingness to meet the Company&#146;s needs
 has become a more
significant concern and there are no guarantees that the Company&#146;s brewing needs will be met. The Company continues to work with all of the breweries at which it might brew its products in an attempt to minimize any potential interruptions.
Nevertheless
 should an interruption occur
 the Company could experience temporary shortfalls in production and/or increased production or distribution costs
 and be required to make significant capital investments to secure alternative capacity for
certain brands and packages
 the combination of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. A simultaneous interruption at several of the Company&#146;s production
locations or an unexpected interruption at one of the Company-owned breweries would likely cause significant disruption
 increased costs and
 potentially


 where
approximately 97% of its beer is sold
 the Company sells its beer to independent beer distributors for distribution to retailers and
 ultimately
 to drinkers. Although the Company currently has arrangements with approximately 340 wholesale
distributors
 sustained growth will require it to maintain such relationships and possibly enter into agreements with additional distributors. Changes in control or ownership of the current distribution network could lead to less support of the
Company&#146;s products. No assurance can be given that the Company will be able to maintain its current distribution network or secure additional distributors on terms favorable to the Company. 
Contributing to distribution risk is the fact that the Company&#146;s distribution agreements are generally terminable by the distributor on short
notice. While these distribution agreements contain provisions giving the Company enforcement and termination rights
 some state laws prohibit the Company from exercising these contractual rights. The Company&#146;s ability to maintain its existing
distribution agreements may be adversely affected by the fact that many of its distributors are reliant on one of the major beer producers for a large percentage of their revenue and
 therefore
 they may be influenced by such producers. If the
Company&#146;s existing distribution agreements are terminated
 it may not be able to enter into new distribution agreements on substantially similar terms
 which may result in an increase in the costs of distribution. 
 



The Company Expects That the Freshest Beer Program Will Adversely Affect Short-term Operating Results
In late 2010
 the Company started a Freshest Beer
Program with domestic wholesalers in different markets to reduce both the time and temperature the Company&#146;s beers experience at wholesaler warehouses before reaching the market. Historically
 wholesalers carry three to five weeks of packaged
inventory (usually at ambient temperatures) and three to four weeks of draft inventory. The Company&#146;s goal is to reduce this through better on-time service
 forecasting
 production planning and cooperation with the wholesalers. At
December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company had 89 wholesalers participating in the program at various stages of inventory reduction. The Company has over 59% of its volume on the Freshest Beer Program and believes this could reach 65 to 75% by the end of
2013. The Company successfully reduced the inventories of participating wholesalers by approximately two weeks
 resulting in fresher beer being delivered to retail. The Freshest Beer Program has resulted in lower shipments of approximately 50
000
133
000 and 241
000 case equivalents in 2010
 2011 and 2012 respectively when measured at the end of the year
 which historically has been the low point of the year for wholesaler inventories. The wholesaler ordering process has changed
significantly for wholesalers that participate in the Freshest Beer Program and has resulted in a shorter period between order placement and shipment and posed much greater challenges for forecasting and production planning. Also
 changes to the


detrimental to the Company&#146;s business trends and ability to execute at retail. The Company may encounter unexpected problems with forecasting
 accounting
 production and wholesaler cooperation. These issues could lead to shortages and out of
stocks of the Company&#146;s products at the wholesaler and retailer levels
 result in increased costs
 negatively impact wholesaler relations
 and/or delay the Company&#146;s implementation of this program. 
Because the Company is still in the process of rolling out the Freshest Beer Program
 there necessarily remain implementation and execution issues to be
addressed. As a result
 the Company currently cannot predict with any precision the long-term success of this program
 the scope of its further implementation in 2013 or the full extent of the costs or business impacts associated with the program
that might be incurred. The Company currently believes the program will
 in the long term
 be beneficial to its business
 but there can be no assurances that this result will be achieved or
 if achieved
 to what extent. 
The Company is Dependent on Key Suppliers
 Including Foreign Sources; Its Dependence on Foreign Sources Creates Foreign Currency Exposure for the


 including its malt
 hops
 barley and other ingredients
 from a limited number of foreign and domestic
suppliers. The Company purchased most of the malt used in the production of its beer from two major suppliers during 2012. The Company believes that there are other malt vendors available that are capable of supplying part of its needs. The Company
is exposed to the quality of the barley crop each year
 and significant failure of a crop would adversely affect the Company&#146;s costs. 
 lagers. Noble hops are varieties from several specific growing areas recognized for
superior taste and aroma properties and include Hallertau-Hallertauer
 Tettnang-Tettnanger
 Hersbruck-Hersbrucker and Spalt-Spalter from Germany and Saaz-Saazer from the Czech Republic. Noble hops are rare and more expensive than most other
varieties of hops. Traditional English hops
 namely
 East Kent Goldings and English Fuggles
 along with United States hops are used in most of the Company&#146;s ales. The Company enters into purchase commitments with six hops dealers
 based on the
Company&#146;s projected future volumes and brewing needs. The dealers then contract with farmers to meet the Company&#146;s needs. However
 the performance and availability of the hops may be materially adversely affected

 



 
by factors such as adverse weather
 the use of fertilizers and pesticides that do not conform to United States regulations
 the imposition of export restrictions (such as increased tariffs and
duties) and changes in currency exchange rates resulting in increased prices. The Company attempts to maintain approximately two year&#146;s supply of essential hop varieties on-hand in order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply.
The Company stores its hops in multiple cold storage warehouses to minimize the impact of a catastrophe at a single site. Hops and malt are agricultural products and therefore many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 farmers rotating out
of hops or barley to other crops
 government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture
The
Company uses special varieties of apples in its ciders that it believes are important for the ciders&#146; flavor profile. These apples are purchased from European suppliers and include bittersweet apples from France and culinary apples from Italy.
There is limited availability of these apples and many outside factors
 including weather conditions
 farmers rotating from apples to other crops
 government regulations and legislation affecting agriculture
 could affect both price and supply.
During 2012
 the Company experienced shortages of apples that impacted shipments to wholesalers. In late 2012
 the Company entered into purchase commitments with apple suppliers
 designed to cover its 2013 needs. The Company is evaluating entering
Historically
 other than the apple shortages discussed above
 the Company has
not experienced material difficulties in obtaining timely delivery from its suppliers
 although the Company has had to pay significantly above historical prices to secure supplies when inventory and supply have been tight. Although the Company
believes that there are alternate sources available for some of the ingredients and packaging materials
 there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to acquire such ingredients or packaging materials from substitute sources on a timely
or cost effective basis in the event that current suppliers could not adequately fulfill orders. The loss or significant reduction in the capability of a supplier to support the Company&#146;s requirements could
 in the short-term
 adversely affect
the Company&#146;s results of operations
The
Company&#146;s contracts for certain hops and apples that are payable in Euros and Pounds Sterling
 and therefore
 the Company is subject to the risk that the Euro or Pound may fluctuate adversely against the U.S. dollar. The Company has
 as a
practice
 not hedged this exposure
 although this practice is regularly reviewed. Significant adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s results of operations
 cash flows and
financial position. Currently
 the cost of hops is approximately 3% of the Company&#146;s product cost. The cost of hops has greatly increased in recent years due to exchange rate changes and the rising market price of hops
 and continuation of
these trends will impact the Company&#146;s product cost and potentially the Company&#146;s ability to meet demand. The Company also buys some other ingredients and capital equipment from foreign suppliers for which the Company also carries exposure
The Company&#146;s accounting policy for hop inventory and purchase commitments is to recognize a loss by
establishing a reserve to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#146;s expected future usage. The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
cancellation costs and supply
 among others. Actual results may differ materially from management&#146;s estimates. The Company continues to manage inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of hops on hand and
hops under commitment. However
 changes in management&#146;s assumptions regarding future sales growth


Company maintains multiple sources of supply for most of its packaging materials
 such as shipping cases
 six-pack carriers and crowns. Currently
 glass and labels for core brands are each supplied by single sources. Although the Company believes
that alternative suppliers are available
 the loss of the Company&#146;s glass or other 
 



 
packaging materials suppliers could
 in the short-term
 adversely affect the Company&#146;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial position until alternative supply arrangements were
secured. If packaging costs continue to increase
 there is no guarantee that such costs can be fully passed along to drinkers through increased prices. The Company has entered into long-term supply agreements for certain packaging materials that
have shielded it from some cost increases. These contracts have varying lengths and terms and there is no guarantee that the economics of these contracts can be replicated at time of renewal. The Company&#146;s inability to preserve the current
The Company initiates bottle deposits in some
states and reuses glass bottles that are returned pursuant to certain state bottle recycling laws. The cost associated with reusing the glass varies. The Company believes that it benefits economically from cleaning and reusing these bottles
 which
result in a lower cost than purchasing new glass
 and that it benefits the environment by the reduction in landfill usage
 the reduction of usage of raw materials and the lower utility costs for reusing bottles versus producing new bottles. The
economics of using recycled glass varies based on the cost of collection
 sorting and handling
 retailer
 distributor and glass dealer behavior
 the availability of equipment and service providers that will clean bottles for reuse
 and may be
adversely affected by changes in state regulation. There is no guarantee that the current economics of using returned glass will continue
 or that the Company will continue its current used glass practices. 


 the Company has experienced significant increases in direct and indirect energy costs
 and energy costs could continue to rise. Increasing energy costs would result in higher
transportation
 freight and other operating costs
 including increases in the cost of ingredients and supplies. The Company&#146;s future operating expenses and margins could be dependent on its ability to manage the impact of such cost increases.
If energy costs continue to increase
 there is no guarantee that such costs can be fully passed along to drinkers through increased prices. 
The Company&#146;s Operations are Subject to Certain Operating Hazards. The Company Was Involved in a Product Recall in 2008 and There Is No
The
Company&#146;s operations are subject to certain hazards and liability risks faced by all brewers
 such as potential contamination of ingredients or products by bacteria or other external agents that may be wrongfully or accidentally introduced into
products or packaging. As discussed elsewhere


substantially completed the recall process during 2008. While the Company does not anticipate repetition of such problems
 the Company&#146;s operations are subject to a range of operating hazards which include product contamination
 the occurrence
of which could result in unexpected costs to the Company
 and in the case of a costly product recall
 potentially serious damage to the Company&#146;s reputation for product quality
 as well as claims for product liability. 
Changes in tax
 environmental and other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing
 trade or other regulations could have a material
The Company&#146;s business is highly regulated by federal
 state and local
laws and regulations regarding such matters as licensing requirements
 trade and pricing practices
 labeling
 advertising
 promotion and marketing practices
 relationships with distributors
 environmental impact of operations and other matters.
These laws and regulations are subject to frequent reevaluation
 varying interpretations and political debate and inquiries from governmental regulators charged with their enforcement. Failure to comply with current or changes to existing laws and
regulations relating to the Company&#146;s operations or in the payment of taxes or other fees could result in the loss
 revocation or suspension of the Company&#146;s licenses
 permits or approvals
 and could have a material adverse effect on the
ability of the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition and results of operations. 
 



Changes in Public Attitudes and Drinker Tastes Could Harm the Company&#146;s Business. Regulatory
The alcoholic beverage industry has become
the subject of considerable societal and political attention in recent years
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related social problems
 including drunk driving
 underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol
including alcoholism. As an outgrowth of these concerns
 the possibility exists that advertising by beer producers could be restricted
 that additional cautionary labeling or packaging requirements might be imposed
 that further restrictions on the
sale of alcohol might be imposed or that there may be renewed efforts to impose increased excise or other taxes on beer sold in the United States. The domestic beer industry
 other than Better Beers
 has experienced a slight decline in shipments
over the last ten years. The Company believes that this slower growth is due to both declining alcohol consumption per person in the population and increased competition from wine and spirits companies. If beer consumption in general were to come
into disfavor among domestic drinkers
 or if the domestic beer industry were subjected to significant additional governmental regulations
 the Company&#146;s business could be materially adversely affected. 
In addition
 there has been a recent focus by state and federal authorities on caffeinated alcoholic beverages. In November 2010
 in response to intense
media attention regarding the misuse of high alcohol malt beverages with added caffeine that are marketed as energy drinks
 the United States Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;) informed producers of these products that it has not
approved the use of caffeine as an additive in alcoholic beverages and thus
 such beverages can be lawfully marketed only if their use is subject to prior FDA approval or is otherwise generally recognized as safe. As a result
 several producers have
 products and certain other craft styles contain naturally-occurring
 but not added
 caffeine
 so the recent FDA pronouncements do not apply.
Nevertheless
 there is an inherent risk that the concern about added caffeine in alcoholic beverages could subsequently be applied to naturally occurring caffeine
 adversely affecting the Company&#146;s products in the future. In addition
 this
regulatory attention to caffeinated alcoholic beverages included concerns about the availability of malt beverages in larger size single serve containers
 which could adversely affect the Company&#146;s ability to sell certain of its beers and
The Company Has Been Involved in Various Litigation Matters in the Past and
The Company is currently not
a party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its operations. In general
 while the Company believes it conducts its business
appropriately in accordance with laws
 regulations and industry guidelines
 claims
 whether or not meritorious

Proceedings
The Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is not entitled to any voting rights
 except for the right as a class to approve certain mergers and charter
and by-law amendments and to elect a minority of the directors of the Company. Consequently
 the election of a majority of the Company&#146;s directors and all other matters requiring stockholder approval are currently decided by C.&nbsp;James Koch
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company
 as the holder of 100% of the outstanding shares of the Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock. As a result
 Mr.&nbsp;Koch is able to exercise substantial influence over all matters requiring
stockholder approval
 including the composition of the board of directors
 approval of equity-based and other executive compensation and other significant corporate and governance matters
 such as approval of the Company&#146;s independent
registered public accounting firm. This could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company and makes most material transactions difficult or impossible to accomplish without the support of Mr.&nbsp;Koch. In addition
Mr.&nbsp;Koch could transfer some shares of the Class B Common Stock to others
 which could impact the nature of the control currently held by him as the sole holder of the Class B Common Stock. 
 



Impact of Changes in Drinker Attitudes on Brand Equity and Inherent Risk of
Reliance on the Company&#146;s Founder in the Samuel Adams
There is no guarantee that the brand equities that the Company has built in its brands will continue to appeal to drinkers. Changes in drinker attitudes
or demands could adversely affect the strength of the brands and the revenue that is generated from that strength. It is possible that the Company could react to such changes and reposition its brands
 but there is no certainty that the Company
would be able to maintain volumes
 pricing power and profitability. It is also possible that marketing messages or other actions taken by the Company could damage the brand equities as opposed to building them. If such damage should occur
 it could
In addition to these inherent brand risks
 the founder and Chairman of the
Company
 C. James Koch
 brand message and the Company relies on the positive public perception of its founder. The role of Mr.&nbsp;Koch as founder
 brewer and leader of the
Company is emphasized as part of the Company&#146;s brand communication and has appeal to some drinkers. If Mr.&nbsp;Koch were not available to the Company to continue his active role
 his absence could detrimentally affect the strength of the
Company&#146;s messaging and
 accordingly
 the Company&#146;s growth prospects. If this were to occur
 the Company might need to adapt its strategy for communicating its key messages regarding its traditional brewing processes
 brewing heritage and
quality. Any such change in the Company&#146;s messaging strategy might have a detrimental impact on the future growth of the Company. 
The Company&#146;s Operating Results and Cash Flow May Be Adversely Affected by Unfavorable Economic and Financial Market Conditions.
Volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets and economic conditions may directly or indirectly affect the Company&#146;s
performance and operating results in a variety of ways
 including: (a)&nbsp;prices for energy and agricultural products may rise faster than current estimates; (b)&nbsp;the Company&#146;s key suppliers may not be able to fund their capital
requirements
 resulting in disruption in the supplies of the Company&#146;s raw and packaging materials; (c)&nbsp;the credit risks of the Company&#146;s wholesalers may increase; (d)&nbsp;the Company&#146;s credit facility
 or portion thereof
 may
become unavailable at a time when needed by the Company to meet critical needs; (e)&nbsp;overall beer consumption may decline; or (f)&nbsp;drinkers of the Company&#146;s beers may change their purchase preferences and frequency
 which might result
Volatile and uncertain financial markets and economic conditions may cause disruption in the Company&#146;s operations and
cash flow and reduce its gross profit and gross margin
 as described above
 and may also increase the Company&#146;s advertising
 promotional and selling and general and administrative costs
 and therefore adversely impact our operating results.
The Company has Significantly Increased its Product Offerings and Distribution Footprint which Increases Complexity and Could Adversely
The Company has significantly increased the number of commercially available beers
 FMBs and
ciders.&nbsp;Since 2010
 brand name.&nbsp;During 2012
 brand families and
added additional styles.&nbsp;Also during 2012
 Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science purchased the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 a Los Angeles based craft brewer doing business as Angel City Brewing Company
 which includes a small
brewery and a beer hall where beer will be sold and consumed on premise.&nbsp;In addition
 Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science launched five beers under two brand names and the Company expects Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science to roll out additional brands in 2013.
These additional brands along with the increases in activity for existing brands have added to the complexity of the Company&#146;s beer and cider development process as well as its brewing
 packaging
 marketing and selling processes. The Company
does not have experience with managing 
 



 
this number of brands and products and has limited experience with integrating acquired brands or operating beer halls.&nbsp;There can be no assurance that&nbsp;the Company&nbsp;will effectively
manage such increased complexity without&nbsp;experiencing operating inefficiencies or control deficiencies.&nbsp;Such inefficiencies or deficiencies could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business. 






Company believes are material
 (2)&nbsp;were issued not less than 180 days before the end of the Company&#146;s 2012 fiscal year
 and (3)&nbsp;remain unresolved. 



The
Company maintains its principal corporate offices in approximately 42
400 square feet of leased space located in Boston
 Massachusetts
 the initial term of which is set to expire in 2017. The Company also leases a small sales office in California
The Company maintains a brewery and tour center in Boston
 Massachusetts in approximately 37
000 square feet of
The Company owns approximately 69 acres of land in
Breinigsville
 Pennsylvania
 on which the Company&#146;s Pennsylvania Brewery is located. The buildings on this property consist of approximately 853
000 square feet of brewery and warehouse space. 
The Company leases approximately 48
650 square feet of space in Los Angeles
 California which includes a small brewery
 beer hall and tour center. The
The Company owns approximately 10 acres of land in Cincinnati
 Ohio
 on
which the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery is located. The buildings on this property consist of approximately 128









In 2009
 the Company was informed that ownership of the High Falls brewery located in Rochester
 New York (the &#147;Rochester Brewery&#148;) changed and
that the new owners would not assume the Company&#146;s existing contract for brewing services at the Rochester Brewery. Brewing of the Company&#146;s products at the Rochester Brewery subsequently ceased in April 2009. In February 2010
 the Company
filed a Demand for Arbitration with the American Arbitration Association (the &#147;arbitration&#148;) which
 as amended
 asserted a breach of contract claim against the previous owner of the Rochester Brewery. In March 2010
 the new and previous
owners of the Rochester Brewery filed a complaint in federal court seeking a declaratory judgment and injunction to require certain of the Company&#146;s claims to proceed in court
 rather than in the arbitration. In April 2010
 the Company filed an
answer to that complaint and asserted certain counterclaims
 including a claim against the new owners of the Rochester Brewery for interference with contract. The court denied the new and previous owners&#146; motion for a preliminary injunction in
June 2010. A hearing in the arbitration was held in October 2010. In January 2011
 the arbitrator issued an award of approximately $1.3 million in damages and expenses to be paid by 
 



 
High Falls Brewery Company
 LLC to the Company
 although the likelihood of collection of such award is in doubt. In August 2011
 the district court granted the previous owner&#146;s motion to
dismiss the interference claim
 and in June 2012 the court denied a motion to amend that claim.&nbsp;The Company filed an appeal of those rulings in September 2012


 the outcome of which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or the results of its
operations. 









Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The graph set forth below shows the value of an investment of $100 on January&nbsp;1
 2008 in each of the Company&#146;s stock (&#147;The Boston Beer
Company
 Inc.&#148;)
 the Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s 500 Index (&#147;S&amp;P 500 Index&#148;)
 the Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s 500 Beverage Index
 which consists of producers of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages (&#147;S&amp;P 500
Beverages Index&#148;) and a custom peer group which consists of Molson Coors Brewing Company and Craft Brewers Alliance
 Inc. (formerly Redhook Ale Brewery
 Inc.)
 the two remaining U.S. publicly-traded brewing companies (&#147;Peer Group&#148;)
for the five years ending December&nbsp;29
 2012. 






































































The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.















































































































































The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.























































































































































































 



 

The Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange. The Company&#146;s
NYSE symbol is SAM. For the fiscal periods indicated
 the high and low per share sales prices for the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. as reported on the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transaction Reporting System were
as follows: 















































































































There were 13
075 holders of record of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as of February 15
 2013. Excluded
from the number of stockholders of record are stockholders who hold shares in &#147;nominee&#148; or &#147;street&#148; name. The closing price per share of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as of February 15
 2013
 as reported under the
New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transaction Reporting System
 was $147.53. 
At December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company had 22
700
000 authorized shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 8
703
670 were
issued and outstanding. The Class&nbsp;A Common Stock has no voting rights
 except (1)&nbsp;as required by law
 (2)&nbsp;for the election of Class&nbsp;A Directors
 and (3)&nbsp;that the approval of the holders of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is
required for (a)&nbsp;future authorizations or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 (b)&nbsp;alterations of rights or terms of the Class&nbsp;A or Class B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles
of Organization of the Company
 (c)&nbsp;certain other amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&nbsp;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 and (e)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any
significant portion of the Company&#146;s assets. 
 





 2012
 the Company had 4
200
000 authorized shares of Class B Common Stock with a par value of $.01
 of which 4
107
355 shares were issued and outstanding. The Class B Common Stock has
full voting rights
 including the right to (1)&nbsp;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors and (2)&nbsp;approve all (a)&nbsp;amendments to the Company&#146;s Articles of Organization
 (b)&nbsp;mergers or
consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s assets and (d)&nbsp;equity-based and other executive compensation and other significant corporate matters
 such
as approval of the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm. The Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class B Common Stock is freely convertible into one share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
As of February&nbsp;15
 2013
 C. James Koch
 the Company&#146;s Chairman
 was the sole holder of record
The holders of the Class&nbsp;A and Class B Common Stock are entitled
to dividends
 on a share-for-share basis
 only if and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Company out of funds legally available for payment thereof. Since its inception
 the Company has not paid dividends and does not currently
Repurchases of the Registrants
On October&nbsp;1
 2012
 the Board of Directors of the Company increased the aggregate expenditure limit for the
Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program by $25.0 million
 thereby increasing the limit from $275.0 million to $300.0 million. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 10.7&nbsp;million shares of
During the twelve months ended
December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company repurchased 165
192 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as illustrated in the table below: 






























or



<FONT



January&nbsp;1
 2012 to February&nbsp;4
 2012


25
557







24
346



20
673
592


February&nbsp;5
 2012 to March&nbsp;3
 2012














20
673
592


March&nbsp;4
 2012 to March&nbsp;31
 2012


13
053







13
053



19
373
145


April&nbsp;1
 2012 to May&nbsp;5
 2012


6
143







6
063



18
772
967


May&nbsp;6
 2012 to June&nbsp;2
 2012


4
734







4
000



18
352
757


June&nbsp;3
 2012 to June&nbsp;30
 2012


26
207







26
207



15
522
629


July&nbsp;1
 2012 to August&nbsp;4
 2012














15
522
629


August&nbsp;5
 2012 to September&nbsp;1
 2012














15
522
629


September&nbsp;2
 2012 to September&nbsp;29
 2012


46
123







46
123



10
534
090


September&nbsp;30
 2012 to November&nbsp;3
 2012


25
025







25
000



32
857
424


November&nbsp;4
 2012 to December&nbsp;1
 2012














32
857
424


December&nbsp;2
 2012 to December&nbsp;29
 2012


20
400







20
400



30
057
894























167
498







165
192



30
057
894




















 



Of the shares that were purchased during the period
 2
306 shares represent repurchases of unvested
investment shares issued under the Investment Share Program of the Company&#146;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan. 






































(53
weeks)













(in thousands
 except per share and net revenue per barrel data)



























628
580



558
282



505
870



453
446



449
554





















13
222





48
358



45
282



42
072



38
393



37
932



























580
222



513
000



463
798



415
053



398
400





265
012



228
433



207
471



201
235



205
040





















9
473



























315
210



284
567



256
327



213
818



183
887
























Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses


169
306



157
261



135
737



121
560



132
901





50
171



43
485



39
112



36
938



34
988

















1
049



1
936









(20
500







































219
626



180
912



175
149



159
547



169
825



























95
584



103
655



81
178



54
271



14
062


Other (expense) income
 net


















1
778



























95
517



103
500



81
108



54
367



15
840





36
050



37
441



30
966



23
249



7
752



























59
467



66
059



50
142



31
118



8
088







































































12
796



13
012



13
660



14
059



13
927





13
435



13
741



14
228



14
356



14
341


































73
448



58
674



39
805



39
244



1
797





359
484



272
488



258
530



262
936



219
757





25
499



20
694



20
743



15
995



12
672





245
091



184
745



165
588



173
155



140
028


































2
746



2
484



2
272



2
222



2
341




























In this Form
10-K and in other documents incorporated herein
 as well as in oral statements made by the Company
 statements that are prefaced with the words &#147;may
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;continue
&#148;
&#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;project
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;designed
&#148; and similar expressions
 are intended to identify forward-looking statements regarding events
 conditions
 and financial trends that may affect the Company&#146;s
future plans of operations
 business strategy
 results of operations
 and financial position. These statements are based on the 
 



 
Company&#146;s current expectations and estimates as to prospective events and circumstances about which the Company can give no firm assurance. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only
as of the date on which such statement is made
 and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of
actual future financial condition or results. These forward-looking statements
 like any forward-looking statements
 involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Such risks
and uncertainties include the factors set forth above and the other information set forth in this Form 10-K. 
The Boston Beer Company is engaged in the business of producing and selling alcohol beverages primarily in the domestic market and
 to a lesser extent
 in
selected international markets. The Company&#146;s revenues are derived by selling its beers and ciders to distributors


 which includes imported beers and craft beers. This category has seen high single-digit compounded annual growth over the past ten
years. Defining factors for Better Beer include superior quality
 image and taste
 supported by appropriate pricing. The Company believes that the Better Beer category is positioned to increase market share as drinkers continue to trade up in taste
and quality. The Company estimates that in 2012 the craft beer category grew approximately 11% to 13%
 while the Better Beer category was up approximately 6% to 7%
 while the total beer category was up approximately 1%. The Company believes that the
Better Beer category is approximately 22% of United States beer consumption by volume. The Company believes that significant opportunity to gain market share continues to exist for the Better Beer category. Depletions of the Company&#146;s beers and
ciders
 or distributor sales to retailers
 increased approximately 12% in 2012 from the comparable 52 week period in the prior year. 
Year-to-date depletions
reported to the Company for 6 weeks ended February&nbsp;9


 but actual results could vary significantly from this target. The Company is currently planning that 2013
depletions and shipments growth will be approximately 10% to 15%. The Company believes that the competitive pricing environment will be challenging and is planning pricing increases of approximately 1% to 2% to partially offset cost pressures.
Full-year 2013 gross margins are currently expected to be between 53% and 55% due to anticipated price increases not fully covering cost pressures and some product mix changes. The Company intends to increase advertising
 promotional and selling
expenses of between $18 million and $26 million for the full year 2013 primarily due to planned increased investments behind our brands and these increases exclude increases in freight costs for the shipment of products to the Company&#146;s
wholesalers. The Company estimates increases of $2 million to $4 million for continued investment in existing brands developed by Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science
 which are included in our full year estimated increases in advertising
 promotional and
selling expenses. Additional projects yet to be developed or acquired may significantly increase investments in Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science and advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. The Company believes that its 2013 effective tax rate will
The Company is continuing to evaluate 2013 capital expenditures and
 based on current information
 its initial
estimates are between $70 million and $85 million
 most of which relate to continued investments in its breweries
 as well additional keg purchases. The Company anticipates an annual capital investment level after 2013 to be between $30 million and
$50 million
 including capacity expansion initiatives to accommodate expected growth; however
 the actual amount spent may well be different from these estimates. Based on information currently available
 the Company believes that its capacity
requirements for 2013 can be covered by its Company-owned breweries and existing contracted capacity at third-party brewers. 
 





For purposes of this discussion


 Twisted Tea




 and Angel City Brewery
trademarks. &#147;Core products&#148; do not include the products brewed or packaged at the Company&#146;s brewery in Cincinnati
 Ohio (the &#147;Cincinnati Brewery&#148;) under a contract arrangement for a third party. Sales of such products are
The following table sets forth certain items included in the Company&#146;s consolidated
statements of income as a percentage of net revenue: 









































2
727



2
471



2
259

































2
746



2
484



2
272


































































Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

































































































Interest income
 net













Other (expense) income
 net
































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 (52 weeks) Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 (53 weeks)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The 2012 fiscal year consisted of 52&nbsp;weeks as compared to 53&nbsp;weeks in fiscal
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Net revenue increased by $67.2 million
 or 13.1%
 to $580.2
million for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 from $513.0 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. This increase was due primarily to an increase in core brand shipment volume and pricing gains. 
Total shipment volume increased by 10.6% to 2
746
000 barrels for the year ended
December&nbsp;29
 2012
 as compared to 2
484
000 barrels for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 due to an increase in core brand shipments. Shipment volume for the core brands increased by 10.4% to 2
727
000 barrels
 due primarily to increases


&nbsp;and
Seasonals
 offset by declines in some other 
 



Fiscal year shipments volume increases for core brands of 10.3% were lower than the 52 week depletions
increases of approximately 12% primarily due to the additional shipping week in fiscal 2011. The Company believes wholesaler inventory levels at December&nbsp;29
 2012 were at appropriate levels. Inventory at wholesalers participating in the
Freshest Beer Program was lower by an estimated 241
000 cases at December&nbsp;29
 2012 compared to December&nbsp;31
 2011
 reducing reported earnings per diluted share by approximately $0.08 for the 2012 fiscal year. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The net selling price per barrel for core brands increased by 2.5% to $212.37 per barrel for the year
ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 as compared to $207.26 for the same period last year. This increase in net selling price per barrel is primarily due to price increases taken in 2012
 partially offset by the change in accounting treatment for certain
Significant changes in the package mix could have a material effect on net revenue.&nbsp;The Company
primarily packages its core brands in kegs
 bottles
 styles.&nbsp;Assuming the same level of production
 a shift in the mix from bottles and cans to kegs would effectively decrease revenue per barrel
 as
the price per equivalent barrel is lower for kegs than for bottles and cans.&nbsp;The percentage of bottles and cans to total shipments increased by 0.5% to 73.5% of total shipments for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 as compared to 2011.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Gross profit for core brands was $115.50 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 as
compared to $115.08 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. Gross margin for core brands was 54.4% for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 as compared to 55.5% for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. The increase in gross profit per barrel
of $0.42 is primarily due to an increase in net revenue per barrel
Cost of
goods sold for core brands was $96.87 per barrel
 or 45.6% as a percentage of net revenue
 for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 as compared to $92.18 per barrel
 or 44.5% as a percentage of net revenue
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2011. The 2012 increase in cost of goods sold for core brands of $4.70 per barrel is primarily due to increases in barley
 hops and other ingredients combined with increased customer programs and incentives costs. 
The Company includes freight charges related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing locations to distributor locations in its advertising
promotional and selling expense line item. As such


 promotional and selling.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 promotional and selling expenses increased by $12.0 million
 or 7.7%
 to $169.3 million for the year ended
December&nbsp;29
 2012
 as compared to $157.3 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. The increase is primarily as a result of increased investments in advertising and local marketing of $6.2 million
 increased size of the sales force and
increased salaries
 benefits and operating costs of $3.8 million
 as well as increased freight expenses to wholesalers of $5.3 million. Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 exclude approximately
$6.3 million in payments for certain customer programs and incentives for the full year that in the fourth quarter of 2012 were classified as reductions in revenue. These brand investments have historically been recorded as advertising
 promotional
Such expenses for core brands were 29.2% of net revenue
 or $62.09 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;29
2012
 as compared to 30.7% of net revenue
 or $63.64 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. The decrease in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses per barrel and as a percentage of net revenue are primarily a result of
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses increasing at a slower rate than increases in core shipment volume. The Company will invest in advertising and promotional campaigns that it believes are effective
 but there is no guarantee that such
investment will generate sales growth. 
 



The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities in its wholesalers&#146; markets
 and
the wholesalers make contributions to the Company for such efforts. These amounts are included in the Company&#146;s statement of operations as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Historically
 contributions from wholesalers
for advertising and promotional activities have amounted to between 2% and 4% of net sales. The Company may adjust its promotional efforts in the wholesalers&#146; markets
 if changes occur in these promotional contribution arrangements
 depending
General and administrative expenses
increased by $6.7 million
 or 15.4%
 to $50.2 million in 2012 as compared to 2011


 the Company incurred impairment charges of $149
000 based upon its review of the carrying values of its property
 plant and
equipment
 compared to $666
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For the year
ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 an aggregate of $6.5 million in stock-based compensation expense is included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses and general and administrative expenses. Stock compensation increased by $0.3 million in 2012
compared to 2011
Provision for income
The Company&#146;s effective income tax rate for the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 increased to 37.7% from the 2011 rate of 36.2%.&nbsp;This increase in the


 2011 (53 weeks) Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;25


 or 10.6%
 to $513.0 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 from $463.8 million for the year ended
December&nbsp;25
 2010. This increase was due primarily to an increase in core brand shipment volume and minor pricing gains
 partially offset by an increase in stale beer returns. 
Total shipment volume increased by 9.3% to 2
484
000 barrels for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2011
 as compared to 2
272
000 barrels for the year ended December&nbsp;25
 2010
 due to an increase in core brand shipments. Shipment volume for the core brands increased by 9.4% to 2
471
000 barrels
 due primarily to increases in
 Seasonals
 brand family
 the 


year shipments volume increases of 9.3% were higher than calendar year depletions increases of approximately 7.3% primarily due to the additional week in the fiscal calendar and a planned earlier launch of our Spring Seasonal which resulted in
Spring Seasonal shipments at the end of 2011 being significantly higher than in 2010. On a calendar year basis
 the Company&#146;s shipments and depletion growth was equivalent at 7% for the full year. 
The Company believes wholesaler inventory levels at December&nbsp;31
 2011 were at appropriate levels. Excluding the impact of the inventory build for
the planned earlier launch of our Spring Seasonal
 inventory at participating wholesalers as a result of the Freshest Beer Program was lower by an estimated 133
000 cases as of the end of the fourth quarter
 reducing reported earnings per diluted
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The net selling price per barrel for core brands
increased by 1.19% to $207.26 per barrel for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 as compared to $204.83 for the same period last year. This increase in net selling price per barrel is primarily due to price increases taken in 2011
 offset by
product mix changes. The percentage of bottles and cans to total shipments increased by 1% point to 73% of total shipments for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 as compared to 2010. 
 



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Gross profit for core brands was $115.08 per barrel for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 as compared to $113.24 for the year ended December&nbsp;25
 2010. Gross margin for core brands was 55.5% for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 as compared to 55.3% for the year ended December&nbsp;25
 2010. The
increase in gross profit per barrel of $1.84 and gross margin of 0.2 percentage points is primarily due to increases in the net selling price per barrel
 partially offset by increases in cost of goods sold per barrel. 
Cost of goods sold for core brands was $92.18 per barrel
 or 44.5% as a percentage of net revenue
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 as compared
to $91.58 per barrel
 or 44.7% as a percentage of net revenue
 for the year ended December&nbsp;25
 2010. The 2011 increase in cost of goods sold of $0.60 per barrel primarily reflected unfavorable package mix and increased inventory obsolescence
Advertising
 promotional and selling.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
promotional and selling expenses increased by $21.6 million
 or 15.9%
 to $157.3 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 as compared to $135.7 million for the year ended December&nbsp;25
 2010. The increase is primarily due to increased
size of the sales force and increased salaries
 benefits and operating costs of $5.6 million
 increased local marketing of $4.1 million
 increased advertising of $2.3 million
 as well as increased freight expenses to wholesalers of $7.0 million.
Such expenses for core brands were 30.7% of net revenue
 or $63.64 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 as compared to
29.3% of net revenue
 or $60.09 per barrel
 for the year ended December&nbsp;25
 2010. The increase in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses per barrel and as a percentage of net revenue are a result of advertising
 promotional and selling
expenses increasing at a higher rate than increases in core shipment volume. The Company will invest in advertising and promotional campaigns that it believes are effective
 but there is no guarantee that such investment will generate sales growth.
General and administrative expenses increased by $4.4 million
 or 11.2%
 to $43.5
million in 2011 as compared to 2010
 driven by increases in salary and benefit costs and consulting expenses
 and the fact that in the first quarter of 2010 there was a $0.9 million reversal of a 2009 expense for an option that did not vest.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;During 2011
 the Company incurred impairment charges of $666
000 based upon
its review of the carrying values of its property
 plant and equipment
 primarily reflecting the effect of the general decline in economic conditions on the value of certain land owned by the Company
 compared to $300
000 of impairment charges in
of the accompanying
consolidated financial statements
 the Company received proceeds of $20.5&nbsp;million during the second quarter of 2011
 pursuant to an agreement to settle all claims regarding the 2008 product recall. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 an aggregate of $6.2 million in stock-based
compensation expense is included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses and general and administrative expenses. Stock compensation increased by $3.1 million in 2011 compared to 2010
 primarily due to 2011 grants of long-term retention
stock options
 increased fair value of options and awards granted during 2011
 expense for the estimated achievement of performance-based options and the fact that in the first quarter of 2010 there was a $0.9 million reversal of a 2009 expense for
Provision for income
The Company&#146;s effective income tax rate for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 decreased to 36.2% from the 2010 rate of 38.2%. This decrease in the effective
tax rate is a result of a favorable state tax settlement
 as well as higher pretax income but with no corresponding increase in non-deductible expenses
 partially offset by smaller research and development tax credits in 2011 as compared to
2010.
 





 2012 from $49.5 million as of December&nbsp;31
 2011
 primarily due to increased cash flows from operating activities
 which was mostly offset by
Cash provided by operating
activities consist of net income
 adjusted for certain non-cash items
 such as depreciation and amortization
 stock-based compensation expense and related excess tax benefit
 and other non-cash items included in operating results. Also affecting
cash flows provided by operating activities are changes in operating assets and liabilities
 such as accounts receivable
 inventory


 and non-cash items of $21.2 million
 and a net decrease in operating assets and
liabilities of $14.7 million.&nbsp;Cash provided by operating activities in 2011 of $72.8 million and primarily consisted of net income of $66.1 million

Product Recall
 and non-cash items of $19.9 million


 as compared to $19.6 million during 2011. Investing activities primarily consisted of discretionary equipment purchases to upgrade the
Cash used in financing activities was $3.0 million during 2012
 as compared to $52.7 million during 2011. The $49.7
million change in financing cash flow is primarily due to a decrease in stock repurchases under the Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program. 
During the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company repurchased approximately 165
000 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for a total cost of
approximately $18.0 million. On October&nbsp;1
 2012
 the Board of Directors of the Company increased the aggregate expenditure limit for the Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program by $25.0 million
 thereby increasing the limit from $275.0 million
to $300.0 million. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 10.7&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $269.9 million. 
From December&nbsp;30
 2012 to February&nbsp;15
 2013
 the Company repurchased 82
000 additional shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for a total cost
of $11.5 million. As of February&nbsp;15
 2013
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 10.8 million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $281.5 million. The Company has approximately
The Company expects that its cash
balances as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 of $74.5 million
 along with future operating cash flow and the Company&#146;s unused line of credit of $50.0 million
 will be sufficient to fund future cash requirements. The Company&#146;s $50.0 million credit
facility has a term not scheduled to expire until March&nbsp;31
 2015. The Company was not in violation of any of its covenants to the lender under the credit facility and there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility as of the date of


 which have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances
 and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. The more

 



 
judgmental estimates are summarized below. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and various other
assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from the Company&#146;s estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. 


 determined on a first-in
 first-out basis
 or market value. The Company enters into multi-year purchase commitments in order to secure adequate supply of
ingredients
 principally hops
 to brew its products. Inventory on hand and under purchase commitments totaled approximately $108.1 million at December&nbsp;29
 2012. The Company&#146;s provisions for excess or expired inventory are based on
management&#146;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on hand and under contract. Forecasting usage involves significant judgments regarding future demand for the Company&#146;s various existing products and products under development as
well as the potency and shelf-life of various ingredients. A significant change in the timing or level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess or expired inventory in


property
 plant and equipment which are depreciated over their estimated useful lives. The carrying value of property
 plant and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
 at December&nbsp;29
 2012 was $189.9 million. For purposes of determining
whether there are any impairment losses
 management has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&#146;s identifiable long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when indicators of impairment are present. Evaluations of whether
indicators of impairment exist involve judgments regarding the current and future business environment and the length of time the Company intends to use the asset. For all long-lived assets
 if an impairment loss is identified based on the fair
value of the asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such loss would be charged to expense in the period the impairment is identified. Estimating the amount of impairment
 if any
 requires significant judgments including
identification of potential impairments
 market comparison to similar assets
 estimated cash flows to be generated by the asset
 discount rates


 less customer programs and
incentives
 reserves for stale beer returns and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has
passed to the customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all
The Company is committed to maintaining the freshness of the product in the market. In certain circumstances and with the
Company&#146;s approval
 the Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by distributors. The Company credits approximately fifty percent of the distributor&#146;s cost of the beer that has passed its expiration date for freshness when
it is returned to the Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical returns and knowledge of specific return transactions. Estimating this reserve involves significant judgments and
estimates
 including comparability of historical return trends to future trends
 lag time from date of sale to date of return
 and product mix of returns. Historically
 the cost of actual stale beer returns has been in line with established
reserves
 however
 the cost could differ materially from the estimated accrual which would impact revenue. 
 





 which include customer promotional discount programs and customer incentives
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company incurs customer program
costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with
ASC Topic 605-50
 
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $28.1 million
 $26.5 million and $26.0 million in fiscal year 2012
 2011 and 2010
The Company enters into customer promotional discount programs with its various wholesalers for certain periods of time.
Amounts paid to wholesalers in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $19.5 million
 $18.8 million
 and $18.8 million
 respectively. The reimbursements for discounts to wholesalers are recorded as reductions to net
revenue. The agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain Wholesalers&#146; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total discounted amount. The computation of the discount allowance requires that management make
certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have historically been in line with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could
differ from the estimated allowance. The Company has customer incentive arrangements primarily with its wholesalers based upon performance of certain marketing and advertising activities by the wholesalers. Depending on applicable state laws and
regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#146;s products may include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment.
Amounts paid to customers primarily for customer incentives were $8.6 million
 $7.7 million and $7.2 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. Prior to 2012
 these customer incentives were recorded in advertising
 promotional and
selling expenses. During 2012
 the Company began recording certain of these costs in the total amount of $6.3 million as reductions to net revenue rather than in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Costs recognized in net revenues
include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs typically recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media
advertising expenditures in local markets. These costs are recorded as incurred
 generally when invoices are received; however certain estimates are required at period end. Estimates are based on historical and projected experience for each type of
In connection with its preparation of financial statements
and other financial reporting
 management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions regarding the amount and timing of expenditures resulting from these activities. Actual expenditures incurred could differ from management&#146;s
estimates and assumptions. 
The Company distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer primarily in glass bottles and such kegs and bottles are shipped on pallets to
wholesalers. Deposits held by the Company at December&nbsp;29
 2012 totaled approximately $15.8 million. All kegs and pallets are owned by the Company. Upon shipment of beer to wholesalers
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on the kegs and
pallets. The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods. The Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related deposits
 has not
been material to the financial statements. The Company uses internal records
 records maintained by wholesalers
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held by
wholesalers. These estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and equipment and current liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. 
 





.
Stock-based compensation was $6.5 million
 $6.2 million
 and $3.1 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011
 and 2010
 respectively. Various option-pricing models are used to calculate the fair value of options. All option-pricing models require the input
of subjective assumptions. These assumptions include the estimated volatility of the Company&#146;s common stock price over the expected term
 the expected dividend rate
 the estimated post-vesting forfeiture rate and expected exercise behavior.
In addition
 an estimated pre-vesting forfeiture rate is applied in the recognition of the compensation charge. Periodically
 the Company
grants performance-based stock options
 related to which it only recognizes compensation expense if it is probable that performance targets will be met. Consequently
 at the end of each reporting period
 the Company estimates whether it is probable
that performance targets will be met. Changes in the subjective assumptions and estimates can materially affect the amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of income. 
Income tax expense
was $36.0 million
 $37.4 million and $31.0 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011
 and 2010
 respectively. The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in differences between the book and tax basis of the Company&#146;s assets
 liabilities
and carry-forwards such as tax credits. In estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided to the extent deemed
The calculation of the Company&#146;s tax liabilities involves dealing
with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include inquiries regarding the
timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. The Company records estimated reserves for exposures associated with positions that it takes on its income tax returns. Historically
 the valuation
Business Environment
The alcoholic beverage industry is highly regulated at the federal
 state and local levels. The TTB and the Justice Department&#146;s
Bureau of Alcohol
 Tobacco
 Firearms and Explosives enforce laws under the Federal Alcohol Administration Act. The TTB is responsible for administering and enforcing excise tax laws that directly affect the Company&#146;s results of operations.
State and regulatory authorities have the ability to suspend or revoke the Company&#146;s licenses and permits or impose substantial fines for violations. The Company has established strict policies
 procedures and guidelines in efforts to ensure
compliance with all applicable state and federal laws. However
 the loss or revocation of any existing license or permit could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business
 results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.
The Better Beer category is highly competitive due to the large number of regional craft and specialty brewers and the brewers of imported
beers who distribute similar products that have similar pricing and target drinkers. The Company believes that its pricing is appropriate given the quality and reputation of its core brands
 while realizing that economic pricing pressures may affect
future pricing levels. Certain major domestic brewers have also developed niche brands to compete within the Better Beer
 FMB and cider categories and have acquired interests in craft beers and cider makers
 or importation rights to foreign brands.
Import brewers and major domestic brewers are able to compete more aggressively than the Company
 as they have substantially greater 
 



 
resources
 marketing strength and distribution networks than the Company. The Company anticipates craft beer competition increasing as craft brewers have benefited from a couple of years of
healthy growth and are looking to maintain these trends. The Company also increasingly competes with wine and spirits companies
 some of which have significantly greater resources than the Company. This competitive environment may affect the
Company&#146;s overall performance within the Better Beer category. As the market matures and the Better Beer category continues to consolidate
 the Company believes that companies that are well-positioned in terms of brand equity
 marketing and
distribution will have greater success than those who do not. With approximately 340 distributors nationwide and the Company&#146;s sales force of approximately 330 people
 a commitment to maintaining brand equity and the quality of its beer
 the
The demand for the Company&#146;s products is also subject to changes
The Potential Impact of Known Facts
 Commitments
 Events and Uncertainties 
The
Company utilizes several varieties of hops in the production of its products. To ensure adequate supplies of these varieties
 the Company enters into advance multi-year purchase commitments based on forecasted future hop requirements
 among other
During 2012
 the Company entered into several hops future contracts in the normal course of business. The total value of the
contracts entered into as of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 which are denominated in Euros
 British Pounds Sterling and U.S. Dollars
 was $29.7 million. The Company has no forward exchange contracts in place as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and currently
intends to purchase future hops using the exchange rate at the time of purchase. These contracts were deemed necessary in order to bring hop inventory levels and purchase commitments into balance with the Company&#146;s current brewing volume and
hop usage forecasts. In addition


forecasted needs as determined by the Company&#146;s brewing department. The computation of the excess inventory requires management to make certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 cancellation costs and supply
 among others.
Actual results may differ materially from management&#146;s estimates. The Company continues to manage inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of hops on hand and hops under commitment. However
 changes in
management&#146;s assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix and hops market conditions could result in future material losses. 
The
following table presents contractual obligations as of December&nbsp;29
 2012: 






















































29
666



18
657



9
377



1
632









25
645



25
645

















15
440



15
440

















14
746



14
366

















10
376



10
376

















9
345



1
874



3
599



2
354



1
518





11
045



10
873







































116
263



97
231



13
399



4
115



1
518
























 



The Company had outstanding total non-cancelable purchase commitments of $116.3 million at December&nbsp;29
2012. These commitments are made up of hops and barley of $40.1 million
 equipment and machinery of $25.6 million
 glass bottles of $15.4 million
 advertising contracts of $14.7 million
 operating leases of $9.3 million
 and other commitments of
The Company has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend
through crop year 2016 and specify both the quantities and prices
 mostly denominated in Euros
 to which the Company is committed. Hops purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;29
 2012 totaled $29.7&nbsp;million
 based on the exchange
Currently
 the Company has entered into contracts for barley
 wheat
 and malt with two major suppliers. The contracts
include crop year 2012 and covers a portion of the Company&#146;s barley and wheat requirements for 2013. Barley
 wheat
 and malt purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;29
 2012 totaled $10.4&nbsp;million. 
The Company sources glass bottles pursuant to a Glass Bottle Supply Agreement with Anchor Glass Container Corporation (&#147;Anchor&#148;) under which
Anchor is the exclusive supplier of certain glass bottles for the Cincinnati Brewery and the Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles to other breweries where the Company brews its
beers. Under the Anchor agreement
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be fulfilled. Minimum purchase commitments
under this agreement
 assuming Anchor is unable to replace lost production capacity cancelled by the Company
 as of December&nbsp;29


 2012. Terms of these leases include
 in some instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
purchase options and maintenance costs
For the fiscal year
ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company brewed most all of its volume at Company-owned breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company has historically entered into various production arrangements with other brewing companies.
Pursuant to these arrangements
 the Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw materials that are used in the liquid
 at the time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to repurchase all
unused raw materials purchased by the brewing company specifically for the Company&#146;s beers at the brewing company&#146;s cost upon termination of the production arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume requirements in
conjunction with certain production arrangements
The Company&#146;s arrangements
with other brewing companies require it to periodically purchase equipment in support of brewery operations. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 there were no significant equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing contracts. Changes to the
Company&#146;s brewing strategy or existing production arrangements
 new production relationships or the introduction of new products in the future may require the Company to purchase equipment to support the contract breweries&#146; operations.


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No.&nbsp;2012-02
 (&#147;ASU
2012-02&#148;)
 to allow entities to use a qualitative approach to test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. ASU 2012-02 permits an entity to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that
the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value. If it is concluded that this is the case
 it is necessary to perform the currently prescribed quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value of the
indefinite-lived intangible asset with its carrying value. Otherwise
 the quantitative impairment test is not 
 



 
required. ASU 2012-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after September&nbsp;15
 2012. As permitted by ASU 2012-02
 the Company early adopted this statement in 2012
 which did not have a
material impact on its financial statements. 
The Company has not entered into any material off-balance sheet arrangements as of December&nbsp;29
 2012. 






 the Company is exposed to the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The Company does not enter into derivatives or other market risk sensitive instruments
for the purpose of speculation or for trading purposes. Market risk sensitive instruments include derivative financial instruments
 other financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments
 such as futures
 forwards
 swaps and options
 that
The Company enters into hops purchase contracts in foreign denominated currencies
 as described above
.&#148; The cost of these hops commitments changes as foreign exchange rates fluctuate. Currently
 it is not the Company&#146;s policy to hedge against foreign currency fluctuations. 
The interest rate for borrowings under the Company&#146;s credit facility is based on either (i)&nbsp;the Alternative Prime Rate (3.25% at
December&nbsp;29
 2012) or (ii)&nbsp;the applicable LIBOR rate (0.21% at December&nbsp;29
 2012) plus 0.45%
 and therefore
 subjects the Company to fluctuations in such rates. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company had no amounts outstanding


could negatively impact future cash flows by approximately $4.0 million as of December&nbsp;29
There are many economic factors that
can affect volatility in foreign exchange rates. As such factors cannot be predicted
 the actual impact on earnings due to an adverse change in the respective rates could vary substantially from the amounts calculated above. 

 








Board of Directors and Stockholders of The Boston Beer Company
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The
Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December&nbsp;29
 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial
position of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries at December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December&nbsp;29
2012
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries&#146; internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February&nbsp;20
 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 









Boston
 Massachusetts

February&nbsp;20
 2013

 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
(In thousands
 except share data) 















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



















74
463



49
450


Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $125 and $66 as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
2011
 respectively


31
479



23
233





44
361



34
072





6
628



14
605





5
411



4
363















162
342



125
723


Property
 plant and equipment
 net


189
948



143
586





4
656



1
802





2
538



1
377















359
484



272
488




























28
303



18
806















60
529



48
243















88
894



67
049





20
463



17
349


Note payable
 less current portion












4
470



3
345















114
393



87
743






















Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value; 22
700
000 shares authorized; 8
703
670 and 8
714
931 shares issued and outstanding as
of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 respectively









Class B Common Stock
 $.01 par value; 4
200
000 shares authorized; 4
107
355 shares issued and outstanding












157
305



138
336


Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax












88
541



47
119















245
091



184
745















359
484



272
488












 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
(In thousands
 except per share data) 
























December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31
(53
weeks)


December&nbsp;25






628
580



558
282



505
870





48
358



45
282



42
072



















580
222



513
000



463
798





265
012



228
433



207
471



















315
210



284
567



256
327
















Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses


169
306



157
261



135
737





50
171



43
485



39
112























(20
500























219
626



180
912



175
149



















95
584



103
655



81
178


Other (expense) income
 net:



























Other (expense) income
 net



























Total other (expense) income
 net






























95
517



103
500



81
108





36
050



37
441



30
966



















59
467



66
059



50
142











































































8
689



8
905



9
553



















4
107



4
107



4
107



















13
435



13
741



14
228


Other comprehensive income
 net of tax:












































59
422



65
659



50
063
















 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUSIDIARIES 
 
For the Years Ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011 and December&nbsp;25
 2010 













































&nbsp;Par








&nbsp;Par





Loss
 net of tax








Balance at December&nbsp;26
 2009


10
143







4
107







111
668







61
704



173
155





























50
142



50
142


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $3
014


















7
224











7
227





















3
124











3
124





(1
102























(67
970



(67
981


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $48



































































Balance at December&nbsp;25
 2010


9
288







4
107







122
016







43
876



165
588





























66
059



66
059


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $5
346


















10
142











10
144





















6
178











6
178





























(62
816



(62
824


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $207



































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2011


8
715







4
107







138
336







47
119



184
745





























59
467



59
467


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894


















12
441











12
443





















6
528











6
528





























(18
045



(18
047


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $75



































































Balance at December&nbsp;29
 2012


8
704







4
107







157
305







88
541



245
091




































 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 























December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31
(53
weeks)


December&nbsp;25




















59
467



66
059



50
142



















20
208



18
792



17
427
















Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment






























6
528



6
178



3
124





(7
894



(5
346



(3
014





2
066







4
425



















(8
305



(3
161



(2
146





(10
289



(7
458



(1
056





6
123



(2
146



(3
950





8
002







(5
832





19
491







7
340













1
021



















95
330



72
760



67
830






























Purchases of property
 plant and equipment


(66
010



(19
599



(13
608





(1
726
























Proceeds from disposal of property
 plant and equipment






























(67
323



(19
599



(13
588

































(18
046



(62
824



(67
981





5
727



4
107



3
661



















7
894



5
346



3
014

































(2
994



(52
680



(60
754



















25
013







(6
512





49
450



48
969



55
481



















74
463



49
450



48
969

































18
782



40
556



24
769






























Property
 plant and equipment






























1
161
























 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 2012 





The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) are engaged in the business of selling
alcohol beverages throughout the United States and in selected international markets
 under the trade names &#147;The Boston Beer Company
&#148; &#147;Twisted Tea Brewing Company
&#148; and &#147;Angry Orchard Cider Company.&#148; The Company&#146;s


 d/b/a Alchemy&nbsp;&amp; Science
(&#147;A&amp;S&#148;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 produces and sells beer under the trade names &#147;The Traveler Beer Co.&#148; (formerly &#147;House of Shandy&#148;) and &#147;Angel City Brewing Company.&#148; 






 
The Company&#146;s fiscal year is a fifty-two or fifty-three week period ending on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal period of 2012 consists of
fifty-two weeks
 fiscal period of 2011 consists of fifty-three weeks
Principles
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
 all of
Segment Reporting
The Company consists of two operating segments that each produce and sell alcohol beverages. The first operating
segment is comprised of the Company&#146;s Samuel Adams




The second segment is the A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative which is comprised of The Traveler Beer Company and Angel City Brewing Company. Both segments have similar economic characteristics. They also sell predominantly low alcohol beverages
 which
are sold to the same types of customers in similar size quantities
 at similar price points and through substantially the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol
content and generally fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the operating segments are similar in the areas outlined above


conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the


 2012 and
December&nbsp;31
Accounts Receivable and
The Company&#146;s accounts receivable primarily consist of trade receivables. The Company records an
allowance for doubtful accounts that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the aging 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 
of the accounts receivable balances combined with management&#146;s estimate of future potential recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance after all attempts to collect a
receivable have failed. The Company believes its allowance for doubtful accounts as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 are adequate
 but actual write-offs could exceed the recorded allowance. 

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents and trade receivables.
The Company places its cash equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company&#146;s cash and cash equivalents were invested in investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S. government agency corporate
The Company sells primarily to independent beer distributors across the United States and Canada. Sales to
non-Canadian foreign customers are insignificant. Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized; however
 credit risk is minimized as a result of the large and diverse nature of the Company&#146;s customer base. The Company establishes
an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers
 historical trends and other information. There were no individual customer accounts receivable balances outstanding at December&nbsp;29
 2012
and December&nbsp;31
 2011 that were in excess of 10% of the gross accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers represented more than 10% of the Company&#146;s revenues during fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010. 


 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses at December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011. The Company
determines the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic 820


 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company is not
exposed to significant interest
Inventories and
Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
which principally consist of hops
 other brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value. The cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct
The provisions for excess or expired inventory are based
on management&#146;s estimates of forecasted usage of inventories on hand and under contract. A significant change in the timing or level of demand for certain products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions
for excess or expired inventory in the future. Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been adequate to provide for losses on its raw materials. 
The computation of the excess hops inventory requires management to make certain assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new products
cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to maximize utilization of hops on hand and hops under commitment. The Company&#146;s accounting policy for hops inventory and
purchase commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#146;s expected future usage. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


Property


 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals and betterments that extend the life of the property are capitalized.
Some of the Company&#146;s equipment is used by other brewing companies to produce the Company&#146;s products under brewing service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful lives
of the underlying assets as follows: 






















3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production agreement
 whichever is shorter













15 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of the building
 whichever is shorter


Kegs are reflected in the Company&#146;s balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed upon purchase. Upon shipment of beer to wholesalers
 the Company collects a refundable deposit
on the kegs and pallets
 which is included in current liabilities in the Company&#146;s balance sheets. Upon return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the deposit is refunded to the wholesaler. 
The Company has experienced some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will occur in future periods due to the significant volume of
kegs and pallets handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous nature of kegs and pallets owned by most brewers and the relatively small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market value. The Company believes that this is
an industry-wide issue and that the Company&#146;s loss experience is not atypical. The Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
 after considering the forfeiture of related deposits
 has not been material to the financial statements. In
2010
 the Company began estimating the physical count of kegs and pallets held by certain of its larger wholesalers and the forfeited deposits attributable to lost kegs and pallets. The Company uses internal records
 records maintained by
wholesalers
 records maintained by other third party vendors and historical information to estimate the physical count of kegs and pallets held by wholesalers. These estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and equipment and current
liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits could differ from these estimates. For the year ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross
property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation by $287
000
 $1.1 million and $1.1 million
 respectively. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross property
plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation by $1.9 million
 $4.6 million and $4.6 million
 respectively. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 the Company&#146;s balance sheet includes $14.2 million and $12.6
million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and pallets and $9.8 million and $10.8 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 




 Ohio (the &#147;Cincinnati Brewery&#148;) over the fair value of the net
assets acquired upon the completion of the acquisition in November 2000. During the first quarter of 2012
 the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel City Brewing Company and the
excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets was allocated to goodwill. The Company does not amortize goodwill
 but performs an annual impairment analysis of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and the fair value of its two
reporting units at the end of the third quarter of every fiscal year. The Company has concluded that its goodwill was not impaired as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31


estimated useful lives. For purposes of determining whether there are any impairment losses
 as further discussed below
 management has historically examined the carrying value of the Company&#146;s identifiable long-lived assets
 including their
useful lives
 when indicators of impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if an impairment loss is identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss would be charged to expense in
the period the impairment is identified. Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of the long-lived assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the Company may determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more appropriate. In that
event
 the Company will be required to record additional depreciation in future periods
Factors generally
considered important which could trigger an impairment review on the carrying value of long-lived assets include the following: (1)&nbsp;significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; (2)&nbsp;significant
changes in the manner of use of acquired assets or the strategy for the Company&#146;s overall business; (3)&nbsp;underutilization of assets; and (4)&nbsp;discontinuance of products by the Company or its customers. The Company believes that the
carrying value of its long-lived assets was realizable as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
Income Taxes
The Company provides for deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements or tax returns. This results in differences between the book and tax bases of the Company&#146;s assets
and liabilities and carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In estimating future tax consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of changes in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered. Valuation allowances are provided to the
The calculation of the Company&#146;s tax liabilities
involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in several different state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews include
inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. In accordance with ASC Topic 740
 
 the Company records estimated reserves for exposures associated with
positions that it takes on its income tax returns in accordance with that standard. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 




excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on
its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. 
Net revenue includes product sales
 less the distributor promotional discount allowance
 certain wholesaler incentives
 as discussed below in Wholesaler
Incentives
 the stale beer accrual and excise taxes. The Company recognizes revenue on product sales at the time when the product is shipped and the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the
customer according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and determinable
 and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably assured. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the Company defers the revenue until all conditions are
met. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company has deferred $3.6 million in revenue related to product shipped prior to December&nbsp;29
 2012. As December&nbsp;31
 2011
 the Company has deferred $1.7 million in revenue related to product shipped
prior to December&nbsp;31


 the Company accepts and destroys stale beer that is returned by distributors. The Company credits approximately fifty percent of the
distributor&#146;s cost of the beer that has passed its expiration date for freshness when it is returned to the Company or destroyed. The Company reduces revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical returns
 which is applied to an
estimated lag time for receipt of product
 and knowledge of specific return transactions. Stale beer expense is reflected in the accompanying financial statements as a reduction of revenue; however
 the actual stale beer expense incurred by the


 packaging costs
 costs and income related to deposit activity
 purchasing and receiving costs
 manufacturing labor and
overhead
 brewing and processing costs
 inspection costs relating to quality control
 inbound freight charges
 depreciation expense related to manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
 labor and overhead costs. 
Costs incurred
for the shipping of products to customers are included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The Company incurred shipping costs of $36.3 million
 $31.1 million and $24.1 million in
fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. 
The following expenses are included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income: media
advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses and meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales and sales support workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight charges related to shipments of finished
goods from manufacturing locations to distributor locations and point-of-sale items. Total advertising and sales promotional expenditures of $78.3 million
 $73.4 million and $66.1 million were included in advertising
 promotional and selling
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


The Company conducts certain advertising and promotional activities in its wholesalers&#146; markets
and the wholesalers make contributions to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from wholesalers for advertising and promotional activities are recorded as reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. 

Customer programs and incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs and customer incentives
 are a common practice in the alcohol
beverage industry. The Company incurs customer program costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $28.1 million
 $26.5
million and $26.0 million in fiscal year 2012
 2011 and 2010
The Company enters into customer promotional discount programs
with its various wholesalers for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to wholesalers in connection with these programs in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $19.5 million
 $18.8 million
 and $18.8 million
 respectively. The reimbursements for
discounts to wholesalers are recorded as reductions to net revenue. The agreed-upon discount rates are applied to certain wholesalers&#146; sales to retailers
 based on volume metrics
 in order to determine the total discounted amount. The
computation of the discount allowance requires that management make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional discounts owed and paid have historically been in line
with allowances recorded by the Company
 however
The Company has customer incentive
arrangements primarily with its wholesalers based upon performance of certain marketing and advertising activities by the wholesalers. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
 these activities promoting the Company&#146;s products may
include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and merchandise placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid to customers primarily for customer incentives were $8.6
million
 $7.7 million and $7.2 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. Prior to 2012
 these customer incentives were recorded in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. During 2012
 the Company began recording certain of
these costs in the total amount of $6.3 million as reductions to net revenue rather than in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Costs recognized as reduction to net revenues include
 but are not limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales
incentives and certain other promotional activities. Costs typically recognized in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local markets. These costs are recorded
as incurred
 generally when invoices are received; however certain estimates are required at period end. Estimates are based on historical and projected experience for each type of program or customer and have historically been in line with actual


 insurance costs
professional service fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for general and administrative employees
 and other general and administrative overhead costs. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 




(&#147;ASC 718&#148;)
 which generally requires recognition of share-based
compensation costs in financial statements based on fair value. Compensation cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award (the requisite service period). The amount of
compensation cost recognized in the consolidated statements of income is based on the awards ultimately expected to vest
 and therefore


 the Company elected to use a lattice model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of stock options
 with the exception of the 2008 stock option
grant to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is considered to be a market-based award and was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and establishes fair
Net Income
Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted
net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or the two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive.


In
accordance with ASC Topic 410

 
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In July 2012
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No.&nbsp;2012-02

Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment
 to allow entities to use a qualitative approach to test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. ASU 2012-02 permits an entity to first perform a qualitative
assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value. If it is concluded that this is the case
 it is necessary to perform the currently prescribed
quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset with its carrying value. Otherwise
 the quantitative impairment test is not required. ASU 2012-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
September&nbsp;15
 2012. As permitted by ASU 2012-02
 the Company early adopted this statement in 2012
 which did not have a material impact on its financial statements. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 







Inventories consist of raw materials
 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which principally consist of hops
 other
brewing materials and packaging
 are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on the first-in
 first-out basis
 or market. Inventories are generally classified as current assets. The Company&#146;s goal is to maintain a supply of approximately two
years for essential hop varieties on-hand in order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company has classified approximately $1.5 million of hops inventory in other long term assets that are above
two years forecasted usage. The cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing overhead. Inventories consisted of the following: 















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31











27
867



21
191





8
897



6
670





9
092



6
211















45
856



34
072





(1
495



















44
361



34
072

















 















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31











3
452



3
866





1
645



7
762





1
330



2
589

























6
628



14
605
















Property
 Plant and Equipment 
Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following: 















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31











183
828



137
246





46
899



43
847





24
515



24
249





36
667



25
220





12
580



11
047





6
193



3
717















310
682



245
326





120
734



101
740















189
948



143
586












 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


The Company recorded depreciation expense related to these assets of $20.2 million
 $18.1 million and
$17.3 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. 
During 2012
 2011
 and 2010
 the Company recorded impairment charges of $0.1 million
 $0.7 million
 and $0.3 million
 respectively
 based upon its review
of the carrying values of its property
 plant and equipment. 





Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of the Company-owned breweries over the fair value of the net assets acquired upon
the completion of the acquisitions. During the first quarter of 2012
 the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel City Brewing Company. A portion of the purchase price was allocated
The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s changes to the carrying amount of
goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 (in thousands): 


















Balance
at






December&nbsp;29



Goodwill
 net


1
377



1
161



2
538







 















December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31











15
805



13
867


Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements


11
701



9
638


Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses


8
158



6
788





4
803



3
810





4
109



2
316





2
491



1
721





1
469



2
589





11
993



7
514















60
529



48
243

















 
The Company has a credit facility in place that provides for a $50.0 million revolving line of credit which has a term not scheduled to expire until
March&nbsp;31
 2015. The Company may elect an interest rate for borrowings under the credit facility based on either (i)&nbsp;the Alternative Prime Rate (3.25% at December&nbsp;29
 2012) or (ii)&nbsp;the applicable LIBOR rate (0.21% at
December&nbsp;29
 2012) plus 0.45%. The Company incurs an annual commitment fee of 0.15% on the unused portion of the facility and is obligated to meet certain financial covenants
 including 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 
the maintenance of specified levels of tangible net worth and net income. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011. There were no
borrowings outstanding under the credit facility as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
There are also certain restrictive
covenants set forth in the credit agreement. Pursuant to the negative covenants
 the Company has agreed that it will not: enter into any indebtedness or guarantees other than those specified by the lender
 enter into any sale and leaseback
transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of significant assets without the lender&#146;s prior written consent
 make or maintain any investments other than those permitted in the credit agreement
 or enter into any transactions with affiliates
outside of the ordinary course of business. In addition
 the credit agreement requires the Company to obtain prior written consent from the lender on distributions on account of
 or in repurchase
 retirement or purchase of its capital stock or other
equity interests with the exception of the following: (a)&nbsp;distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (a subsidiary of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
 (b)&nbsp;repurchase from
former employees of non-vested investment shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 issued under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 and (c)&nbsp;redemption of shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash
dividends to its holders of common stock. Borrowings under the credit facility may be used for working capital
 capital expenditures and general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries. In the event of a default that has not been
cured
Note Payable
In June 2012
 the Company entered into a grant facility with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for $770
000. The purpose of the grant
is to provide the Company funds to support economic development through the repaving of a parking lot and loading docks at its Pennsylvania Brewery. Under the terms of the grant
 the Company was required to fund this project through a note
arrangement
To fund the project
 the Company
entered into a term note arrangement with Bank of America N.A. in June 2012. The note is for approximately $628
000 and has a maturity date of December&nbsp;31
 2021. The interest rate for the note is fixed at an annual rate of 4.25%. Payments of
$77
000 are due annually beginning on December&nbsp;31
 2012
 which amount will be reimbursed to the Company by the Commonwealth. The note is secured by interest in a CD held by the bank totaling approximately $628
000 which is reduced each year
based on principal payments on the note; this amount is accounted for as restricted cash and is included in other assets on the Company&#146;s consolidated balance sheet. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 







 


















































27
903



31
845



20
989





6
009



5
809



5
505



















33
912



37
654



26
494



















2
279







3
938

































2
139







4
472



















36
051



37
441



30
966


























































State income taxes
 net of federal benefit






























































































































December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31





















2
537



2
424





7
106



6
059





2
762



2
099





2
263



2
340















14
668



12
922

























14
125



12
377












Property
 plant and equipment


(27
961



(24
068



































(29
176



(25
363















(15
051



(12
986












 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


The Company&#146;s practice is to classify interest and penalties related to income tax matters in
income tax expense. Interest and penalties included in the provision for income taxes amounted to $0.1 million
 $0.4 million and $0.7 million for fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. Accrued interest and penalties amounted to $0.7 million
and $1.0 million at December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of
unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 




























1
935



7
129



















(1
808









(3
561

























1
263



1
935











Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 are potential
net benefits of $1.1 million and $1.6 million
 respectively
 that would favorably impact the effective tax rate if recognized. Unrecognized tax benefits are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and adjusted in
The
Company&#146;s state income tax returns remain subject to examination for three or four years depending on the state&#146;s statute of limitations. In addition
 the Company is generally obligated to report changes in taxable income arising from
In September&nbsp;2011
 the Internal Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;) commenced an examination of the
Company&#146;s 2007 and 2008 amended consolidated corporate income tax returns and the related loss carry back claim to 2006. In addition
 in October 2011
 the IRS expanded the original examination to include the 2009 corporate income tax return.
The examination was in progress as of December&nbsp;29
 2012. The Company is also being audited by two states as of December&nbsp;29
 2012. 
It is reasonably possible that the Company&#146;s unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease in 2013 if there is a completion of certain income
tax audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate the range of such possible changes. The Company does not expect that any potential changes would have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.








 2012. These commitments are made up of hops and malt totaling $40.1 million
 equipment and
machinery of $25.6 million
 glass bottles of $15.4 million
 advertising contracts of $14.7 million
The Company
has entered into contracts for the supply of a portion of its hops requirements. These purchase contracts extend through crop year 2016 and specify both the quantities and prices
 mostly denominated in Euros
 to which the Company is committed. Hops
purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;29
 2012 totaled 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 
$29.7&nbsp;million
 based on the exchange rates on that date. The Company does not use forward currency exchange contracts and intends to purchase future hops using the exchange rate at the time
of purchase. As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 projected cash outflows under hops purchase commitments for each of the remaining years under the contracts are as follows: 
















18
657





5
933





3
444





1
632

















29
666







Currently
 the Company has entered into contracts for barley
 wheat
 and malt with two major suppliers. The contracts
include crop year 2012 and covers a portion of the Company&#146;s barley and wheat requirements for 2013. Barley
 wheat
 and malt purchase commitments outstanding at December&nbsp;29
 2012 totaled $10.4&nbsp;million. 
The Company sources glass bottles pursuant to a Glass Bottle Supply Agreement with Anchor Glass Container Corporation (&#147;Anchor&#148;) under which
Anchor is the exclusive supplier of certain glass bottles for the Cincinnati Brewery and the Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles to other breweries where the Company brews its
beers. Under the Anchor agreement
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be fulfilled. Minimum purchase commitments
under this agreement
 assuming Anchor is unable to replace lost production capacity cancelled by the Company
 as of December&nbsp;29


 2012
 the Company brewed most of its volume at Company owned breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company has historically entered into various
production arrangements with other brewing companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing companies
 including the raw materials that are used in the liquid
 at the time such liquid goes into
fermentation. The Company is required to repurchase all unused raw materials purchased by the brewing company specifically for the Company&#146;s beers at the brewing company&#146;s cost upon termination of the production arrangement. The Company is
also obligated to meet annual volume requirements in conjunction with certain production arrangements


 2012
 there were no significant
equipment purchase requirements outstanding under existing contracts. Changes to the Company&#146;s brewing strategy or existing production arrangements
 new production relationships or the introduction of new products in the future may require the
Company to purchase equipment to support the contract breweries&#146; operations. 
The Company has various operating lease agreements in place for facilities and equipment as of December&nbsp;29
 2012. Terms of these leases include
 in
some instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through 2021. Aggregate rent expense was $2.0 million
 $1.4 million and $1.3 million in
fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 

















1
874





1
894





1
705





1
704











1
518











9
345









 the Company was informed that ownership of the High Falls brewery located in Rochester
 New York (the &#147;Rochester Brewery&#148;) changed and that the new owners would not assume the
Company&#146;s existing contract for brewing services at the Rochester Brewery. Brewing of the Company&#146;s products at the Rochester Brewery subsequently ceased in April 2009. In February 2010
 the Company filed a Demand for Arbitration with the
American Arbitration Association (the &#147;arbitration&#148;) which
 as amended
 asserted a breach of contract claim against the previous owner of the Rochester Brewery. In March 2010
 the new and previous owners of the Rochester Brewery filed a
complaint in federal court seeking a declaratory judgment and injunction to require certain of the Company&#146;s claims to proceed in court
 rather than in the arbitration. In April 2010
 the Company filed an answer to that complaint and asserted
certain counterclaims
 including a claim against the new owners of the Rochester Brewery for interference with contract. The court denied the new and previous owners&#146; motion for a preliminary injunction in June 2010. A hearing in the
arbitration was held in October 2010. In January 2011
 the arbitrator issued an award of approximately $1.3 million in damages and expenses to be paid by High Falls Brewery Company
 LLC to the Company
 although the likelihood of collection of such
award is in doubt. In August 2011
 the district court granted the previous owner&#146;s motion to dismiss the interference claim
 and in June 2012 the court denied a motion to amend that claim.&nbsp;The Company filed an appeal of those rulings in
September 2012
The Company is currently not a party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of which would be
Environmental Matters
During the second quarter of 2010
 the Company entered into an agreement with the City of Cincinnati (the &#147;City&#148;) to
complete a remediation in accordance with a remediation plan on environmentally contaminated land to be purchased by the City which is adjacent to Company-owned land at the Cincinnati Brewery (the &#147;Property&#148;).&nbsp;In the third quarter of
2010
 the City was awarded a Clean Ohio Revitalization Fund grant (&#147;CORF Grant&#148;) for the Property and will use these funds to complete the purchase of the Property and will provide funds to the Company to remediate the contaminated land
and demolish certain other buildings on adjacent parcels.&nbsp;The Company paid approximately $0.3 million to the City for an option to purchase the Property after it has been fully remediated to enable potential future expansion at the Cincinnati
Brewery
 which is included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.&nbsp;In connection with these agreements
 the Company recorded a current liability and an equal and offsetting other asset of
approximately $2.6 million for the estimated total cleanup costs for which it is responsible under the remediation plan and the related CORF Grant
 respectively.&nbsp;Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company would not be reimbursed by the City
for any remediation cost above the currently estimated cleanup cost of approximately $2.6 million.
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


During the second quarter of 2012
 the Company entered into a second agreement with the City to
complete a remediation in accordance with a remediation plan on environmentally contaminated land purchased by the Company which is also adjacent to Company-owned land at the Cincinnati Brewery (the &#147;Second Property&#148;). The City was awarded
a Clean Ohio Revitalization Fund grant (&#147;CORF II Grant&#148;) and will provide funds to the Company to offset a portion of the purchase price of the Second Property
 clean-up the contaminated land and buildings and to then demolish the
buildings located on the Second Property.&nbsp;The Company paid approximately $263
000 to purchase the Second Property
 which is included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.&nbsp;In connection with
these arrangements
 the Company recorded a current liability and an equal and offsetting other asset of approximately $663
000 for the estimated total acquisition and cleanup costs for which it is responsible under the remediation plan and the
related CORF II Grant
 respectively.&nbsp;Under the terms of the agreement with the City
 the Company would not be reimbursed by the City for any remediation cost above the currently estimated acquisition and cleanup costs of approximately $663
000.
The Company accrues for environmental remediation-related activities for which commitments or cleanup plans have been developed and for which
costs can be reasonably estimated.&nbsp;All accrued amounts are generally determined in coordination with third-party experts on an undiscounted basis.&nbsp;In light of existing reserves
 any additional remediation costs above the currently
estimated cost of $3.2 million will not
 in the opinion of management
 have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.






On April&nbsp;7
 2008
 the Company announced a voluntary product recall of certain glass bottles of its Samuel
 products. The recall was a precautionary step and resulted from routine quality control inspections at
the Cincinnati Brewery
 which detected glass inclusions in certain bottles of beer. The bottles were from a single glass plant that supplied bottles to the Company. The glass plant in question supplied approximately 25% of the Company&#146;s glass
The following
table summarizes the Company&#146;s reserves and excise tax credit due upon the destruction of the returned beer and related activities for the 2008 product recall (in thousands): 























December&nbsp;31









December&nbsp;29





































































































































December&nbsp;25









December&nbsp;31










































2
796







(2
736



























2
893







(2
778
























 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
























Reserves
at









December&nbsp;25




























































2
421











2
796























2
518











2
893



















During the second quarter of 2011
 the Company and its former glass bottle supplier entered into an agreement to settle
all claims regarding the recall. The Company received a cash payment of $20.5 million
 which was recorded as an offset to operating expenses
 and all parties have released each other of any claims as they relate to this matter. In addition
 the
Company reversed approximately $0.6&nbsp;million in reserves against invoices due to the supplier
 which was recorded as an offset to cost of goods sold. 





The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon
the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level&nbsp;1 measurements) and the
lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level&nbsp;3 measurements). 





Level&nbsp;1&nbsp;&#151; Level&nbsp;1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting
entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. 





Level&nbsp;2&nbsp;&#151; Level&nbsp;2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level&nbsp;1 that are observable for the asset or
liability
 either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term
 a Level&nbsp;2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 






Level&nbsp;3&nbsp;&#151; Level&nbsp;3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability in which there is little
 if any
 market activity for
All financial assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis (at least annually) have been segregated into the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement date.&nbsp;The assets or liabilities measured at fair
value on a recurring basis are summarized in the table below (in thousands): 






















As of December&nbsp;29
 2012





































74
534











74
534
























As of December&nbsp;31
 2011





































41
907











41
907


 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


The Company&#146;s cash equivalents listed above represent money market mutual fund securities and are
classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices.&nbsp;The Company does not adjust the quoted market price for such financial instruments. 
The Company&#146;s cash surrender value &#150; life insurance represents the cash value of a life insurance policy held by Northwestern Mutual
 an A
rated insurance company and is classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Northwestern Mutual provides the value of this policy to the Company on a regular basis and the Company adjusts its book value. 
Cash
 certificates of deposit
 receivables and payables are carried at their cost
 which approximates fair value
 because of their short-term nature.
Financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the consolidated financial statements are summarized in the table below (in thousands): 






















As of December&nbsp;29
 2012

































The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment when events indicate that an asset or asset group may have
suffered impairment. In the past
 the Company has recognized impairments of certain land included in property
 plant and equipment. The Company has relied on the work of a licensed real estate appraiser to determine the fair value of the land. The
appraiser used comparisons to historical transactions for similar properties and similar properties available for sale to assist in determining the land&#146;s value. The Company has not recorded an impairment charge on its long-lived asset in
The Company evaluates the recoverability of
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in the third quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets may be impaired. As of&nbsp;December 29
2012
 no such events or changes in circumstances occurred that would have triggered the need for a further impairment review. 





On January&nbsp;4
 2012
 A&amp;S acquired substantially all of the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel
City Brewing Company (&#147;Angel City&#148;) for a preliminary aggregate purchase price of $1.9 million
 which includes a payment of $150
000 made in June 2012 and a payment of $200
000 to be made in March 2013. The remaining purchase price payment
may be reduced by any obligations satisfied by A&amp;S subsequent to the acquisition
 but incurred by Angel City prior to the acquisition date. Costs related to the acquisition of Angel City were not significant and were expensed as incurred.

 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


The allocation of the purchase price is preliminary and is based on management&#146;s judgment after
evaluating several factors
 including preliminary valuation assessments of tangible and intangible assets. The final allocation of the purchase price is as follows (in thousands): 









Property
 plant and equipment














1
161











1
900























1
700







The Company has assigned an indefinite life to the acquired trade name and the related value is included in other assets
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Goodwill resulting from this acquisition is expected to be amortizable for tax purposes. The operating results of Angel City since the acquisition date are included in the Company&#146;s consolidated
In connection with the acquisition
 A&amp;S entered into a personal services agreement with Angel City&#146;s founder
pursuant to which he will advise A&amp;S
 if requested
 on Angel City matters for a period of two years. Also in connection with the acquisition
 A&amp;S entered into a lease for the Angel City brewery premises located in Los Angeles
 California
from which it intends to brew
 distribute and sell beers under the Angel City brand name for on and off premise consumption . Minimum payments under the personal services agreement and the lease total approximately $1.7 million as of
December&nbsp;29
 2012
 are payable through December&nbsp;31
 2017 and are expensed as incurred. 







 except (1)&nbsp;as required by law
 (2)&nbsp;for the election of Class&nbsp;A Directors
 and (3)&nbsp;that the approval of the holders of the
Class&nbsp;A Common Stock is required for (a)&nbsp;certain future authorizations or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 (b)&nbsp;certain alterations of rights or terms of the Class&nbsp;A or
Class B Common Stock as set forth in the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (c)&nbsp;other amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (d)&nbsp;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 and
(e)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s assets. 
The Class B Common Stock has full voting rights
 including the right to (1)&nbsp;elect a majority of the members of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors
and (2)&nbsp;approve all (a)&nbsp;amendments to the Company&#146;s Articles of Organization
 (b)&nbsp;mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&nbsp;sales or dispositions of any significant portion of the Company&#146;s
assets
 and (d)&nbsp;equity-based and other executive compensation and other significant corporate matters. The Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class B Common Stock is freely convertible into one share of
Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 upon request of any Class B holder
 and participates equally in earnings. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


All distributions with respect to the Company&#146;s capital stock are restricted by the Company&#146;s
credit agreement
 with the exception of distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 repurchase from former employees of non-vested investment shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
issued under the Company&#146;s equity incentive plan
 redemption of certain shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash dividends to its holders of common stock. 

The Company&#146;s Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the &#147;Equity Plan&#148;) currently provides for the grant of discretionary options and restricted
stock awards to employees
 and provides for shares to be sold to employees of the Company at a discounted purchase price under its investment share program. The Equity Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the Company
 based on
recommendations received from the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee consists of three independent directors. In determining the quantities and types of awards for grant
 the Compensation Committee
periodically reviews the objectives of the Company&#146;s compensation system and takes into account the position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the nature and value to the Company of his or her service and accomplishments
his or her present and potential contributions to the success of the Company
 the value of the type of awards to the employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems relevant. 
Stock options and related vesting requirements and terms are granted at the Board of Directors&#146; discretion
 but generally vest ratably over
five-year periods and
 with respect to certain options granted to members of senior management
 based on the Company&#146;s performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual term of stock options is ten years
 although the Board of Directors may grant
options that exceed the ten-year term. During fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Company granted options to purchase 42
600
 228
200 and 65
100 shares
 respectively
 of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock to employees at market price on the grant dates. Of
the 2012 option grants
 11
100 shares relate to performance-based option grants and 31
500 shares relate to special long-term service based retention stock options. Of the 2011 option grants
 13
200 shares relate to performance-based option grants
and 215
000 shares relate to special long-term service based retention stock options. All 2010 option grants are performance-based options. The number of shares that will vest under the performance-based options depends on the level of performance
On January&nbsp;1
 2013
 the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 40
925 shares of the
Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock with a weighted average fair value of $58.83 per share
 of which 15
000 shares represented special long-term retention stock options to two key employees.&nbsp;The special long-term retention stock options
are service-based with 60% of the shares vesting on January&nbsp;1


 2011 and 2010
 the Company granted 16
375
 17
687 and 33
617 shares
 respectively
 of restricted
stock awards to certain senior managers and key employees
The Equity Plan also has an
investment share program which permits employees who have been with the Company for at least one year to purchase shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock at a discount from current market value of 0% to 40%
 based on the employee&#146;s tenure with the
Company. Investment shares vest ratably over service periods of five years. Participants may pay for these shares either up front or through payroll deductions over an eleven-month period during the year of purchase. During fiscal 2012
 2011 and
2010
 employees elected to purchase an aggregate of 13
360
 12
985 and 20
392 investment shares
 respectively. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


On January&nbsp;1
 2013
 the Company granted 11
530 shares of restricted stock awards to certain senior
managers and key employees and employees elected to purchase 12
The Company has reserved
6.0&nbsp;million shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Equity Plan
 of which 0.9&nbsp;million shares were available for grant as of December&nbsp;29
 2012. Shares reserved for issuance under cancelled employee stock
options and forfeited restricted stock are returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases. The Company also purchases unvested investment shares from employees who have left the Company; these shares are also returned
to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or purchases. 
The Company has a stock option plan for non-employee directors of the Company (the &#147;Non-Employee Director Plan&#148;)
 pursuant to which each
non-employee director of the Company is granted an option to purchase shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock upon election or re-election to the Board of Directors. Stock options issued to non-employee directors vest upon grant and
have a maximum contractual term of ten years. In years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 17
367
 30
000
 and 30
000 shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock to non-employee directors
The Company has reserved 550
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Non-Employee Director Plan
of which 125
133 shares were available for grant as of December&nbsp;29
 2012. Cancelled non-employee directors&#146; stock options are returned to the reserve under the Non-Employee Director Plan for future grants. 
Information
related to stock options under the Equity Plan and the Non-Employee Director Plan is summarized as follows: 































(in&nbsp;
thousands)


Outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2011


1
908
664

















59
967

















(4
550



































(245
965
































Outstanding at December&nbsp;29
 2012


1
718
116











148
684




















Exercisable at December&nbsp;29
 2012


409
272











39
404




















Vested and expected to vest at December&nbsp;29
 2012


1
551
968











133
610



















Of the total options outstanding at December&nbsp;29
 2012
 381
470 shares were performance-based options. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 
On January&nbsp;1
 2008
 the Company granted the Chief Executive Officer an option to purchase 753
864 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 which
vests over a five-year period
 commencing on January&nbsp;1
 2014
 at the rate of 20%&nbsp;per year. The exercise price is determined by multiplying $42.00 by the aggregate change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after January&nbsp;1
 2008
through the close of business on the trading date next preceding each date on which the option is exercised. The exercise price will not be less than $37.65 per share and the excess of the fair value of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
cannot exceed $70 per share over the exercise price. The Company is accounting for this award as a market-based award which was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and
establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the Company calculated the weighted average fair value per share to be $8.41
 and recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.8
 $0.8
 and
$0.7 million related to this option in the fiscal year 2012
 2011
 and 2010
In August 2007
 the Company granted an option to
purchase 180
000 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock to its Chief Executive Officer that cliff-vest after completion of a six-year service period. Under the binomial option-pricing model
 the weighted average fair value of the option is $19.39
per share
 and the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of $0.6
 $0.5
 and $0.5 million related to this stock option in the fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010


 2009
 the Compensation Committee of the Company&#146;s Board of
Directors&nbsp;concluded that it was probable that&nbsp;the performance criteria&nbsp;under the option to purchase 120
000 shares granted to the Chief Executive Officer in 2005&nbsp;would be met. The Company accordingly&nbsp;recorded related
compensation expense of approximately $0.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2009.&nbsp;In late April 2010
&nbsp;the Compensation Committee
 based upon&nbsp;updated information available through April&nbsp;23
 2010
 concluded that&nbsp;one of
the&nbsp;three applicable performance criteria&nbsp;had not&nbsp;been met. As a result
&nbsp;the option&nbsp;with respect to these 120
000 shares lapsed and
 in the first quarter of 2010
 the Company reversed
 as a change in estimate
 the related
compensation expense of approximately $0.9 million
 or $0.04 per dilutive share
 for the twelve months ended December&nbsp;25
 2010. 
The
following table provides information regarding stock-based compensation expense included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income: 
































Amounts included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses


2
452



2
236



1
116





4
076



3
942




2






















6
528



6
178



3
124


















































Net of a reversal of approximately $872
000 of expense related to a performance-based option to purchase 120
000 shares granted to the Chief Executive Officer in 2005.
As permitted by ASC 718
 the Company uses a lattice model
 such as the binomial option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair
values of stock options. The Company believes that the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 
less effective than the binomial option-pricing model in valuing long-term options
 as it assumes that volatility and interest rates are constant over the life of the option. In addition
 the
Company believes that the binomial option-pricing model more accurately reflects the fair value of its stock awards
 as it takes into account historical employee exercise patterns based on changes in the Company&#146;s stock price and other relevant
variables. The weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during 2012
 2011 and 2010 was $45.03
 $43.07 and $21.96 per share
 respectively
 as calculated using a binomial option-pricing model. 


































































































Expected volatility is based on the Company&#146;s historical realized volatility. The risk-free interest rate represents
the implied yields available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve over the contractual term of the option when using the binomial model. Expected dividend yield is 0% because the Company has not paid dividends in the past and currently has


The Company uses the straight-line attribution method in recognizing stock-based compensation expense for awards that vest based on service
conditions. For awards that vest subject to performance conditions
 compensation expense is recognized ratably for each tranche of the award over the performance period if it is probable that performance conditions will be met. 
Under ASC 718
 compensation expense is recognized less estimated forfeitures. Because most of the Company&#146;s equity awards vest
 each year
 the Company recognized
stock-based compensation expense related to those awards


 the estimated forfeiture rate used was 8.5%. The forfeiture rate was based upon historical experience and the Company
The total fair value of options vested during 2012
 2011
and 2010 was $2.0 million
 $1.8 million and $1.4&nbsp;million
 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2012
 2011 and 2010 was $20.9 million
 $11.6 million and $8.5 million
 respectively. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


Based on equity awards outstanding as of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 there were $13.7 million of
unrecognized compensation costs
 net of estimated forfeitures
 related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements that are expected to vest. Such costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.6 years. The following
table summarizes the estimated future annual stock-based compensation expense related to share-based arrangements existing as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 that are expected to vest (in thousands): 












 4
342





3
404





2
821





1
462











1
068











13
735







In addition
 as of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 there were $0.7 million of unrecognized compensation costs associated with
certain stock options with vesting requirements based on the achievement of various performance targets. Through December&nbsp;29
 2012
 no compensation expense was recognized for these performance-based stock options
 nor will any be recognized
Non-Vested Shares Activity
The following table summarizes vesting activities of shares issued under the investment share program and restricted stock awards:





















Non-vested at December 31
 2011


141
391









29
735









(49
356









(6
938
















Non-vested at December 29
 2012


114
832

















 2012
 the Board of Directors of the Company increased the aggregate expenditure limit for the Company&#146;s Stock Repurchase Program by $25.0 million
 thereby increasing the limit from
$275.0 million to $300.0 million. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


As of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately
10.7&nbsp;million shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $269.9 million as follows: 




























Repurchased at December&nbsp;26
 2009


8
669
795



121
091





1
101
708



67
981












Repurchased at December&nbsp;25
 2010


9
771
503



189
072





760
036



62
824












Repurchased at December&nbsp;31
 2011


10
531
539



251
896





165
192



18
046












Repurchased at December&nbsp;29
 2012


10
696
731



269
942

















The Company has two retirement plans covering substantially all non-union employees
 two retirement plans covering substantially all
union employees
Prior to 2012
 the Company participated in
two multi-employer pension plans administrated by organized labor unions. The Company&#146;s share of the unfunded benefit obligations
 employer contributions and benefit costs were not significant individually or in the aggregate to these plans and
to the Company&#146;s financial statements. The Company made aggregate contributions to the two multi-employer plans of $4
000
 $43
000 and $35
000 in 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. During 2012
 the Company withdrew from both multi-employer
retirement plans under agreements whereby the Company will no longer contribute to or participate in those plans. The Company recorded a total estimated withdrawal liability of $140
000 which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet as of December&nbsp;29
 2012. 
The Boston Beer Company 401(k) Plan (the &#147;Boston Beer 401(k) Plan&#148;)
 which was established by the Company in 1993
 is a Company-sponsored
defined contribution plan that covers a majority of the Company&#146;s non-union employees who are employed by Boston Beer Corporation
 Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd
 and A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC. All non-union employees of these
entities over the age of 21 are eligible to participate in the plan on the first day of the first month after commencing employment. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation
 subject to IRS limitations.
After the sixth month of employment
 the Company matches each participant&#146;s contribution. A maximum of 6% of compensation is taken into account in determining the amount of the match. The Company matches 100% of the first $1
000 of the eligible
compensation participants contribute. Thereafter
 the Company matches 50% of the eligible contribution. The Company&#146;s contributions to the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan amounted to $1.4 million
 $1.3 million and $1.1 million in fiscal years 2012
2011 and 2010


 which was established in 2008
 covers a majority of the Company&#146;s employees who are employed by Samuel
Adams 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 
Pennsylvania Brewery Company (&#147;SAPB&#148;). All employees of SAPB over the age of 21 are eligible to participate in the plan thirty days after commencing employment. Participants in the SAPB
401(k) Plan may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. Under the SAPB 401(k) Plan
 participants receive a Company match equal to 100% of the first 1% of their eligible compensation and 50% of
the next 5% of their eligible compensation that is contributed to the plan. Pursuant to the terms of the Contract of Sale with Diageo North America
 Inc. (&#147;Diageo&#148;)
 from who the Company purchased SAPB in 2008
 the Company recognized all
service of those Diageo employees who were subsequently hired by the Company for eligibility and vesting. The Company&#146;s contribution to the SAPB 401(k) Plan amounted to $0.5 million
 $0.5 million and $0.4 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and
2010
 respectively. The Company is responsible for the payment of any fees related to the management of the SAPB 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the Company. Effective January&nbsp;1
 2013
 the SAPB 401(k) Plan merged with and into the


 one defined benefit plan and one post-retirement medical plan
 which combined cover substantially all union employees who are employed by Samuel Adams
Brewery Company
The defined contribution plan
 the Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. 401(k) Plan for Represented Employees (the
&#147;SABC 401(k) Plan&#148;)
 is a Company sponsored plan. It was established in 1997 and is available to all union employees upon completion of one hour of full-time employment. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their
annual compensation to the SABC 401(k) Plan
 subject to IRS limitations. Effective April&nbsp;1
 2007
 the Company makes a non-elective contribution for certain bargaining employees who are members of a specific union. Effective November
 2011
 the


 The Local Union #1199 Defined Benefit Pension Plan (the &#147;Local 1199 Pension Plan&#148;). It was established in 1991 and is eligible to
all union employees who are covered by the Company&#146;s collective bargaining agreement and have completed twelve consecutive months of employment with at least 750 hours worked. The defined benefit is determined based on years of service since
July 1991. The Company made combined contributions of $151
000
 $542
000 and $105
000 to this plan in fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. At December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 the unfunded projected pension benefits were not
A comprehensive medical plan is offered to union employees who have voluntarily retired
at the age of 65 or have become permanently disabled (the &#147;Retiree Medical Plan&#148;). Employees must have worked for the Company or the prior owners for at least 20 years at the Company&#146;s Cincinnati Brewery
 been enrolled in the
Company&#146;s medical insurance plan for 5 consecutive years prior to retirement and be eligible for Medicare benefits under the Social Security Act. Eligible retirees pay 100% of the cost of the coverage. In addition
 the Company provides a
supplement to eligible retirees from the Local Union #1199 and the local Union #20 to assist them with the cost of Medicare gap coverage. The accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation was determined using a discount rate of 4.0% at
December&nbsp;29
 2012
 4.5% at December&nbsp;31
 2011 and 5.5% at December&nbsp;31
 2010
 and a 2.5% increase in the Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for the years then ended. The effect of a 1% point increase and the effect of a 1% point decrease
in the assumed health care cost trend rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement health care benefit costs and the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for health care benefits would
not be significant. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


The funded status of the Company&#146;s principal defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement
medical benefit plan are as follows: 






























December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31



December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31











2
026



1
710













3
095



2
598































(1
069































The Local 1199 Plan invests in a family of funds that are designed to minimize excessive short-term risk and focus on
consistent
 competitive long-term performance
 consistent with the funds&#146; investment objectives.&nbsp;The fund-specific objectives vary and include maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
 maximizing total return from capital
appreciation plus income and funds that invest in common stock of companies that cover a broad range of industries. The fair value of the plan assets was determined by reference to period end quoted market prices. 
The basis of the long-term rate of return assumption of 7% reflects the Local 1199 Plan&#146;s current targeted asset mix of approximately 35% debt
securities and 65% equity securities with assumed average annual returns of approximately 4% to 6% for debt securities and 8% to 12% for equity securities.&nbsp;It is assumed that the Local 1199 Plan&#146;s investment portfolio will be adjusted
periodically to maintain the targeted ratios of debt securities and equity securities.&nbsp;Additional consideration is given to the plan&#146;s historical returns as well as future long-range projections of investment returns for each asset
category. The assumed discount rate in estimating the pension obligation was 4.0% in 2012
 4.5% in 2011
The Local 1199
Plan&#146;s weighted-average asset allocations at the measurement dates by asset category are as follows: 














December&nbsp;29



December&nbsp;31





















































 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 



























December&nbsp;29
(52
weeks)


December&nbsp;31
(53
weeks)


December&nbsp;25
(52
weeks)




(in thousands
 except per share data)





59
467



66
059



50
142

































40
009



45
209



35
066





18
913



20
850



15
076

































59
467



66
059



50
142



















8
689



8
905



9
553





4
107



4
107



4
107

































12
914



13
012



13
660









































































 or (2)&nbsp;the two-class method
 which assumes the participating
The following tables set forth the computation of diluted net income per share
 assuming the
conversion of all Class B Common Stock into Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and using the two-class method for unvested participating shares: 


















Fifty-two&nbsp;weeks&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2012















(in&nbsp;thousands
&nbsp;except&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;data)





40
009



8
689





































18
913



4
107





































58
948



13
435




















 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 




















Fifty-three&nbsp;weeks&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
2011















(in thousands
 except per share data)





45
209



8
905





































20
850



4
107





































66
059



13
741






































Fifty-two&nbsp;weeks&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2010















(in thousands
 except per share data)





35
066



9
553





































15
076



4
107





































50
142



14
228



















Basic net income per common share for each share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is $4.61
 $5.08
and $3.67 for the fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively
 as each share of Class&nbsp;A and Class B participates equally in earnings. Shares of Class B are convertible at any time into shares of Class&nbsp;A on a one-for-one basis at the
Weighted average stock options to purchase 271
000
 213
000 and 17
600 shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock were
outstanding during fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively
 but not included in computing diluted income per share because their effects were anti-dilutive. Additionally
 performance-based stock options to purchase 60
000
 65
000 and 100
000 shares
of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively
 but not included in computing dilutive income per share because the performance criteria of these stock options were not expected to be met as of
December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2011 and December&nbsp;25
 2010
 respectively. Furthermore
 performance-based stock options to purchase 4
550 and 219
700 shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock were not included in computing diluted
income per share because the performance criteria of these stock options were not met and the options were cancelled during the twelve months ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 respectively. 






Accumulated other comprehensive loss represents amounts of unrecognized actuarial losses related to the Company sponsored defined
benefit pension plan and post-retirement medical plan
 net of tax effect. Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent actuarial losses or gains
 net of tax effect
 recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs. The defined
benefit plans liability adjustments for periods ended 2012
 2011
 and 2010 were $45
000
 $400
000
 and $79
000
 respectively. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 







The Company maintains reserves against accounts receivable for doubtful accounts and inventory for obsolete and slow-moving inventory.
The Company also maintains reserves against accounts receivable for distributor promotional allowances. In addition
 the Company maintains a reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in accrued expenses. 























Beginning&nbsp;
of


































































































2
106



19
494



(19
285



2
315





2
012



18
831



(18
737



2
106





1
784



18
762



(18
534



2
012






























1
773



2
405



(3
106



1
072





3
615



2
569



(4
411



1
773





3
686











3
615






























2
019



3
174



(3
334



1
859





1
287



3
375



(2
643



2
019





2
464



1
758



(2
935



1
287







The Company evaluated subsequent events occurring after the balance sheet date
 December&nbsp;29
 2012
 and concluded that there was no
event of which management was aware that occurred after the balance sheet date that would require any adjustment to or disclosure in the accompanying consolidated financial statements except for options and awards granted in January 2013 as
disclosed in Note N. 
 



THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 







The Company&#146;s fiscal quarters are consistently determined year to year and generally consist of 13 weeks
 except in those fiscal
years in which there are fifty-three weeks where the last fiscal quarters then consist of 14 weeks. In management&#146;s opinion
 the following unaudited information includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for
a fair presentation of the information for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters. 












































December&nbsp;29
(13
weeks)


September&nbsp;29
(13
weeks)


June&nbsp;30
(13
weeks)


March&nbsp;31
(13
weeks)


December&nbsp;31
(14
weeks)


September&nbsp;24
(13
weeks)


June&nbsp;25



March&nbsp;26
(13
weeks)




(In thousands
 except per share data)







































153
000



166
448



147
503



113
271



142
054



134
813



133
957



102
176







































79
776



93
242



80
383



61
809



80
089



76
031



76
073



52
374







































26
988



33
310



23
445



11
841



25
730



26
413



44
923



6
589







































16
873



20
750



14
351



7
493



17
785



16
296



28
019



3
959















































































































































































During the second quarter of 2011
 the Company entered into a settlement agreement with its former glass supplier. The Company received a cash payment of $20.5 million
which was recorded as an offset to operating expenses. 



During the fourth quarter of 2011
 the Company recorded a $2.1 million decrease in its tax liabilities as a result of a state tax audit settlement and a $1.5 million
decrease in its liability for refundable deposits for lost kegs and pallets. 



During the fourth quarter of 2012
 the Company recorded $3.5 million of promotional expenses as contra revenue which had previously been included in Advertising
promotional and selling expenses. 
 













including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation
 the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company&#146;s disclosure controls


management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f). The Company&#146;s internal control system was designed to


 2012. In making this assessment
 the Company used the
. Based on its assessment
 the Company believes that
 as of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 the
The effectiveness of the Company&#146;s
internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 has been audited by Ernst&nbsp;&amp; Young LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
 as stated in their report. 
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 



 
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of The Boston Beer Company


 Inc. and subsidiaries&#146; internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries&#146; management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying management&#146;s report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk


statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions


 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;29
 2012
 based on the COSO
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the
consolidated balance sheets of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries
 and our report dated February&nbsp;20
 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
Boston
February&nbsp;20
 2013 
 



 
No changes in the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December&nbsp;29
 2012 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 




PART III




Directors


 the Board of Directors of the Company adopted a (i)&nbsp;Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer
 and
(ii)&nbsp;Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was amended effective August&nbsp;1
 2007 to provide for a third-party whistleblower hotline. These
 as well as the charters of each of the Board Committees
 are
posted on the Company&#146;s website
 
 and are available in print to any shareholder who requests them. Such requests should be directed to the Investor Relations Department
 The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 One Design Center
Place
 Suite 850
 Boston
 MA 02210. The Company intends to disclose any amendment to
 or waiver from
 a provision of its code of ethics that applies to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and that relates to any


 2013. 






 2013. 





The
information required by Item&nbsp;12 with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting to be held on
May&nbsp;29




















of Outstanding
Options



Outstanding&nbsp;Options



Future Issuance
Under





1
908
664







1
057
217

































1
908
644







1
057
217
















 






Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
The information required by Item&nbsp;13 is hereby incorporated by reference from the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual
Meeting to be held on May&nbsp;29
 2013. 





 2013. 






report: 




























Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;29
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011





Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;
December&nbsp;31
 2011 and December&nbsp;25
 2010





Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;
31
 2011 and December&nbsp;25
 2010





Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&nbsp;29
 2012
&nbsp;December&nbsp;
31
 2011 and December&nbsp;25
 2010












shown in the consolidated financial statements
 or notes thereto
 included herein. 
















Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company
 dated June 2
 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q filed on August 10
 1998).






Restated Articles of Organization of the Company
 dated November 17
 1995
 as amended August&nbsp;4
 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company&#146;s Form 10-Q
filed on August&nbsp;10
 1998).













Deferred Compensation Agreement between the Partnership and Alfred W. Rossow
 Jr.
 effective December 1
 1992 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s
Registration Statement No. 33-96162).
 


















Stockholder Rights Agreement
 dated as of December
 1995
 among The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and the initial Stockholders (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Form
10-K
 filed on April 1
 1996).






Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 as Borrowers
 and Bank of America
 N.A. (successor-in-merger to Fleet
National Bank)
 effective as of July 1
 2002 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s 10-Q
 filed on August 13
 2002).






Letter Agreement dated August 4
 2004 amending the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A. (successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank) and The
Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s 10-Q
 filed on November 4
 2004).






Amendment dated February 27
 2007 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Bank of America
 N.A.
 successor-in-merger to Fleet National Bank
 and The Boston Beer
Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15
 2007).






Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among the Company and Boston Beer Corporation
 as borrowers
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as the lender
 effective as of March 10
 2008
(incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6
 2008).






Production Agreement between Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. and Brown-Forman Distillery Company
 a division of Brown-Forman Corporation
 effective as of April 11
 2005
(incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s 10-Q filed on May 5
 2005).






Amended and Restated Brewing Services Agreement between City Brewing Company LLC and Boston Beer Corporation effective as of August 1
 2006
 as amended by Amendment dated
April&nbsp;10
 2007 and effective August 31
 2006 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10
 2007).






Brewing Services Agreement between CBC Latrobe Acquisition
 LLC and Boston Beer Corporation dated March 28
 2007 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q filed on May 10
 2007).






Glass Bottle Supply Agreement between Boston Beer Corporation and Anchor Glass Container Corporation dated November 2
 2007 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed on March 13
 2008).






Office Lease Agreement between Boston Design Center LLC and Boston Beer Corporation dated March 24
 2006 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q filed on May 11
 2006).






Option Agreement for Martin F. Roper
 entered into effective as of June 28
 2005 between Boston Beer Corporation and Martin F. Roper (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7
 2005).






Stock Option Agreement between the Company and Martin F. Roper entered into effective as of January 1
 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q filed on May 6
 2008).






The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. Employee Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended on February 23
 1996
 December 20
 1997
 December 19
 2005
 December 19
 2006
 December 21
 2007 and October
30
 2009
 effective as of January 1
 2010 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 28
2009).
 


















The 1996 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors
 originally adopted in 1996 and amended and restated on October&nbsp;19
 2004
 as amended on October&nbsp;30
 2009
 effective
as of January&nbsp;1
 2010 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#146;s Post-Effective Amendment to its Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November&nbsp;28
 2009); amended and restated on December&nbsp;12
 2012
 effective as of
January&nbsp;1
 2012.













List of subsidiaries of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. effective as of December 29
 2012.













Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002






Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18&nbsp;U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002






Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18&nbsp;U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


















































Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following financial statements from the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29
 2012
formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 and (iv) related notes to these financial
statements tagged as blocks of text. The XBRL-related information in Exhibit 101 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q shall not be deemed &#147;filed&#148; or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (&#147;Securities Act&#148;) and is not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (&#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of those sections.




Portions of this Exhibit were omitted pursuant to an application for an order declaring confidential treatment filed with and approved by the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 
 



 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized







THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC.








Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated have signed this report below. 
















President
 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Director




















/s/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pearson C. Cummin
 III
Pearson C. Cummin
 III











































 















 INC. 


 2012. 




The purpose of The
Boston Beer Company
 Inc. Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the &#147;Plan&#148;) is to attract and retain the services of experienced and knowledgeable independent Directors who are not employees
(&#147;Non-Employee Directors&#148;) of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. (&#147;Boston Beer&#148;) for the benefit of Boston Beer and its shareholders and to provide additional incentive for Non-Employee Directors to continue to work in the best
interests of Boston Beer and its shareholders through continuing ownership of Boston Beer common stock. 




The
total number of shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 par value $.01 per share (&#147;Shares&#148;)
 of Boston Beer for which options may be granted under the Plan shall not exceed 550
000 in the aggregate
 subject to adjustment in accordance with
Section&nbsp;9 hereof. 





Each Non-Employee Director shall be granted an option under the Plan to acquire the greatest number of whole shares of Class&nbsp;A Common
Stock with a value of One Hundred Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($115
000.00) as computed using the binomial option-pricing model as of the date of grant upon his or her initial election to the Board of Directors of Boston Beer (the &#147;Board&#148;)
effective as of the date of such election or appointment. In addition
 each Non-Employee Director shall be granted an option under the Plan to acquire the greatest number of whole shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock with a value of One Hundred
Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($115
000.00) as computed using the binomial option-pricing model as of the date of grant upon his or her election or reelection to the Board at an annual meeting of shareholders or
 in the event a new Non-Employee Director
is elected or appointed to the Board after the date of the annual meeting of the shareholders of Boston Beer
 the number of Shares underlying the option granted to the new Non-Employee Directors shall be pro-rated based upon the number of regular
meetings of the Board remaining prior to the next annual meeting of shareholders
 effective as of the date of such election or appointment. The options shall be non-qualified options not intended to meet the requirements of Section&nbsp;422 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;). 




Each option
granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an option agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) duly executed on behalf of Boston Beer and by the Non-Employee Director to whom such option is granted. Each Agreement shall (i)&nbsp;comply with and be
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan
 (ii)&nbsp;provide that the optionee agrees to continue to serve as a Director of Boston Beer during the term for which he or she was elected and (iii)&nbsp;contain such other provisions not
inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan
 including with respect to obligations of each Non-Employee Director not to compete with Boston Beer
 as the Board may determine. 
- 1 -







Subject
to the provisions of Section&nbsp;9 hereof
 the option exercise price for options granted under the Plan shall be the fair market value of the Shares covered by the option on the date of grant of the option. For the purposes hereof and of
Section&nbsp;6(b)
 the fair market value of Shares shall be the closing price of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock reported by the New York Stock Exchange or any other national securities exchange on which such shares may be primarily traded
 on the last
trading day before the date of grant
 provided that if the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock of Boston Beer is not listed on or actually trading on the New York Stock Exchange or another national securities exchange
 fair market value shall be determined in
good faith by the Board. 






 subject to the provisions of Section&nbsp;7
 be immediately exercisable in full; provided
 however
 that no option granted under the Plan may be exercised prior
to approval of the Plan by the holders of Boston Beer&#146;s issued and outstanding Class B Common Stock


 signed by the person or persons exercising the option
 stating the number of
Shares with respect to which the option is being exercised
 accompanied by payment in full for such Shares
 which payment may be in cash or in whole or in part in Shares of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock of Boston Beer already owned for a period of
at least six months by the person or persons exercising the option
 valued at fair market value
 as determined under Section&nbsp;5 hereof
 on the date of exercise; provided
 however
 that there shall be no such exercise at any one time as to fewer
than two hundred fifty (250)&nbsp;Shares or all of the remaining Shares then purchasable by the person or persons exercising the option
 if fewer than two hundred fifty (250)&nbsp;Shares. Upon such exercise
 delivery of a certificate for paid-up
non-assessable Shares shall be made at the principal Massachusetts office of Boston Beer to the person or persons exercising the option at such time
 during ordinary business hours
 not more than thirty (30)&nbsp;days from the date of receipt of the
notice by Boston Beer
 as shall be designated in such notice
 or at such time
 place and manner as may be agreed upon by Boston Beer and the person or persons exercising the option. 





(a) Each option
shall expire ten (10)&nbsp;years from the date of the granting thereof


 the option granted to such optionee may be exercised by the estate of such optionee or by any person or persons who acquired the right to exercise such option
by bequest or inheritance or otherwise by reason of the death of such optionee. Such option may be exercised at any time within one (1)&nbsp;year after the date of death of such optionee
 at which time the option shall terminate
 or prior to the
date on which the option otherwise expires by its terms
 whichever is earlier. 
- 2 -



(c) In the event that an optionee ceases to be a Director of Boston Beer the option granted
to such optionee may be exercised by him or her
 any time within three (3)&nbsp;years after the date such optionee ceases to be a Director of Boston Beer
 at which time the option shall terminate
 but in any event prior to the date on which the
option expires by its terms
 whichever is earlier
 unless termination as a Director (i)&nbsp;was by Boston Beer for cause
 in which case the option shall terminate immediately at the time the optionee ceases to be a Director of Boston Beer
(ii)&nbsp;was because the optionee has become disabled (within the meaning of Section&nbsp;22(e)(3) of the Code)
 or (iii)&nbsp;was by reason of the death of the optionee. In the case of death
 see Section&nbsp;7(b) above. In the case of disability
the option may be exercised at any time within one (1)&nbsp;year after the date of termination of the optionee&#146;s directorship with Boston Beer
 at which time the option shall terminate
 but in any event prior to the date on which the option
otherwise expires by its terms
 whichever is earlier. 




The
right of any optionee to exercise an option granted to him or her under the Plan shall not be assignable or transferable by such optionee otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
 or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations
order as defined by the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
 or the rules thereunder. Any option granted under the Plan shall be exercisable during the lifetime of such optionee only by him or her. Any option granted under
the Plan shall be null and void and without effect upon the bankruptcy of the optionee
 or upon any attempted assignment or transfer
 except as herein provided
 including without limitation any purported assignment
 whether voluntary or by operation
of law
 pledge
 hypothecation or other disposition
 attachment
 trustee process or similar process
 whether legal or equitable
 upon such option. 






another corporation by reason of any reorganization
 merger
 consolidation
 recapitalization
 reclassification
 stock split-up
 combination of shares or dividends payable in capital stock
 appropriate adjustment shall be made in the number and kind
of shares as to which outstanding options
 or portions thereof then unexercised
 shall be exercisable
 to the end that the proportionate interest of the optionee shall be maintained as before the occurrence of such event
 and such adjustment in
outstanding options shall be made without change in the total price applicable to the unexercised portion of such options and with a corresponding adjustment in the option price per share. 






Notwithstanding the provisions of Section&nbsp;6 hereof
 Boston Beer may delay the issuance of Shares covered by the exercise of any


(ii) counsel for Boston Beer shall have given an opinion
 which opinion shall not be unreasonably
conditioned or withheld
 that such Shares are exempt from registration under applicable Federal and state securities acts now in force or hereafter amended. 
- 3 -



It is intended that all exercises of options granted under the Plan shall be effective.
Accordingly
 Boston Beer shall use its best efforts to bring about compliance with the above conditions within a reasonable time
 except that Boston Beer shall be under no obligation to cause a registration statement or a post-effective amendment to
any registration statement to be prepared at its expense solely for the purpose of covering the issue of Shares in respect of which any option may be exercised
 except as otherwise agreed to by Boston Beer in writing. 







 as now in force or hereafter
amended
 Boston Beer shall be under no obligation to issue any Shares covered by any option unless the person who exercises such option
 in whole or in part
 shall give a written representation and undertaking to Boston Beer which is satisfactory in
form and scope to counsel to Boston Beer and upon which
 in the opinion of such counsel
 Boston Beer may reasonably rely
 that he or she is acquiring the Shares issued to him pursuant to such exercise of the option for his or her own account as an
investment and not with a view to
 or for sale in connection with
 the distribution of any such Shares
 and that he or she will make no transfer of the same except in compliance with any rules and regulations in force at the time of such transfer
under the 1933 Act
 or any other applicable law
 and that if Shares are issued without such registration a legend to this effect may be endorsed upon the securities so issued. In the event that Boston Beer shall
 nevertheless
 deem it necessary or
desirable to register under the 1933 Act or other applicable statutes any Shares with respect to which an option shall have been exercised
 or to qualify any such Shares for exemption from the 1933 Act or other applicable statutes
 then Boston Beer
shall take such action at its own expense and may require from each optionee such information in writing for use in any registration statement
 prospectus
 preliminary prospectus or offering circular as is reasonably necessary for such purpose and
may require reasonable indemnity to Boston Beer and its Officers and Directors from such holder against all losses
 claims
 damages and liabilities arising from such use of the information so furnished and caused by any untrue statement of any
material fact therein or caused by the omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made. 





Boston Beer
shall not
 directly or indirectly
 lend money to an optionee or to any person or persons entitled to exercise an option by reason of the death of an optionee for the purpose of assisting any of them in the acquisition of Shares covered by an option
granted under the Plan. 
- 4 -







The
Plan shall be subject to approval by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of the Class B Common Stock of Boston Beer present or represented and entitled to vote at a duly held shareholders&#146;
meeting
 or by written consent of all of the holders of such Class B Common Stock
 and shall take effect immediately as of its date of adoption upon such approval. 




All costs
and expenses of the adoption and administration of the Plan shall be borne by Boston Beer
 and none of such expenses shall be charged to any optionee. 





Unless sooner terminated as herein provided
 the Plan shall terminate on May&nbsp;21
 2016. The Board may at any time terminate the Plan
or make such modification or amendment thereof as it deems advisable; provided
 however
 that
 except as provided in Section&nbsp;9 hereof
 no modification or amendment to the provisions of the Plan may be made more than once every six
(6)&nbsp;months other than to comport with changes in the Code
 the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
 or the rules thereunder
 if the effect of such amendment or modification would be to change (i)&nbsp;the requirements for eligibility under
the Plan
 (ii)&nbsp;the timing of the grants of options to be granted under the Plan or the exercise price thereof
 or (iii)&nbsp;the number of Shares subject to options to be granted under the Plan either in the aggregate or to one Director. Any
amendment to the provisions of the Plan which (i)&nbsp;materially increases the number of Shares which may be subject to options granted under the Plan
 (ii)&nbsp;materially increases the benefits accruing to Non-Employee Directors under the Plan
or (iii)&nbsp;materially modifies the requirement for eligibility to participate in the Plan
 shall be subject to approval by the holders of Boston Beer&#146;s Class B Common Stock obtained in the manner stated in Section&nbsp;13 hereof. Termination
or any modification or amendment of the Plan shall not
 without the consent of an optionee
 affect his or her rights under an option previously granted to him or her. 






and
 in addition
 a certificate shall have been issued theretofore and delivered to the optionee. 




Any communication or
notice required or permitted to be given under the Plan shall be in writing
 and mailed by registered or certified mail or delivered by hand
 if to Boston Beer 
 to its principal place of business
 Attention: President
 and
 if to an optionee
 to
the address as appearing on the records of Boston Beer. 
- 5 -







It
is the intention of Boston Beer that the Plan comply in all respects with Rule 16b-3 promulgated under Section&nbsp;16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &#147;1934 Act&#148;) and that Participants remain disinterested persons for
purposes of administering other employee benefit plans of Boston Beer and having transactions under such other plans be exempt from Section&nbsp;16(b) of the 1934 Act. Therefore
 if any Plan provision is found not to be in compliance with Rule 16b-3
or if any Plan provisions would disqualify Participants from remaining disinterested persons
 that provisions shall be deemed null and void
 and in all events the Plan shall be construed in favor of its meeting the requirements of Rule 16b-3.
Approved by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee and by the sole holder of the Class B Common Stock
of the Company on December&nbsp;12
 2012. 
- 6 -
















The Boston Beer Company


 2012 
(a Massachusetts


 Inc. 
Freetown
Acquisition Company


 Ltd. 
Samuel Adams Brewery Company
(an Ohio
Providence Street Associates



(a Delaware
Angry Orchard Cider Company


















by reference in the Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-68531
 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN; Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-163314
 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN
FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS; Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-163315
 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN; Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-12221
 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. 1996 STOCK
OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS; Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-85110
 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS; Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-85112
 pertaining to THE BOSTON
BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN; Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-121057
 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. 1996 STOCK OPTION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS; Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-140250
 pertaining to
THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN; and Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-148374
 pertaining to THE BOSTON BEER COMPANY
 INC. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. of our reports dated
February&nbsp;20
 2013
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. included in the Annual Report (Form
10-K) for the year ended December&nbsp;29


February&nbsp;20
 2013 















 Martin F. Roper
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The
Boston Beer Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
Date: February&nbsp;20
 2013 




























 William F. Urich
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The
Boston Beer Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
Date: February&nbsp;20
 2013 




























 Inc. 
18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350


In connection with the Annual Report of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended
December&nbsp;29
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Martin F. Roper
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United
States Code
 that this Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial
Date: February&nbsp;20
 2013 










A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 or other document authenticating
acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 has been provided to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and will be retained by The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 















 Inc. 
18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350


In connection with the Annual Report of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended
December&nbsp;29
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 William F. Urich
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code
that this Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and
Date: February&nbsp;20
 2013 










A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 or other document authenticating
acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906
 has been provided to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and will be retained by The Boston
Beer Company
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  


  
  
  


  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued expenses and other
current liabilities consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;strong&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Employee wages
 benefits
and reimbursements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Advertising
 promotional
and selling expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income taxes (see Note
I)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued excise
taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Environmental remediation
costs (see Note J)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other accrued
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;60
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;48
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s
reconciliations to statutory rates are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State income taxes
 net of
federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deduction relating to U.S.
production activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in income tax
contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State audit
settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;37.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 2012 and December 31

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net revenue includes
product sales
 less the distributor promotional discount allowance
certain wholesaler incentives
 as discussed below in Wholesaler
Incentives
 the stale beer accrual and excise taxes. The Company
recognizes revenue on product sales at the time when the product is
shipped and the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer
according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and
determinable
 and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably
assured. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the
Company defers the revenue until all conditions are met. As of
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 the Company has deferred $3.6 million in
revenue related to product shipped prior to December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012.
As December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 the Company has deferred $1.7 million in
revenue related to product shipped prior to December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011.
These amounts are included in accrued expenses and other current
liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In certain circumstances
and with the Company&amp;#x2019;s approval
 the Company accepts and
destroys stale beer that is returned by distributors. The Company
credits approximately fifty percent of the distributor&amp;#x2019;s cost
of the beer that has passed its expiration date for freshness when
it is returned to the Company or destroyed. The Company reduces
revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical
returns
 which is applied to an estimated lag time for receipt of
product
 and knowledge of specific return transactions. Stale beer
expense is reflected in the accompanying financial statements as a
reduction of revenue; however
 the actual stale beer expense
incurred by the Company could differ from the estimated
accrual.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories and
Provision for Excess or Expired Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories consist of raw
materials
 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which
principally consist of hops
 other brewing materials and packaging
are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or
market value. The cost elements of work in process and finished
goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and
manufacturing overhead. Packaging design costs are expensed as
incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The provisions for excess
or expired inventory are based on management&amp;#x2019;s estimates of
forecasted usage of inventories on hand and under contract. A
significant change in the timing or level of demand for certain
products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording
additional provisions for excess or expired inventory in the
future. Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of
goods sold and have historically been adequate to provide for
losses on its raw materials.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The computation of the
excess hops inventory requires management to make certain
assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
maximize utilization of hops on hand and hops under commitment. The
Company&amp;#x2019;s accounting policy for hops inventory and purchase
commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&amp;#x2019;s
expected future usage.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Segment
Reporting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
consists of two operating segments that each produce and sell
alcohol beverages. The first operating segment is comprised of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s Samuel Adams&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Sam Adams Light&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Twisted Tea&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
and Angry Orchard&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
brands. The second segment is the A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative
which is comprised of The Traveler Beer Company and Angel City
Brewing Company. Both segments have similar economic
characteristics. They also sell predominantly low alcohol
beverages
 which are sold to the same types of customers in similar
size quantities
 at similar price points and through substantially
the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured
using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content
and generally fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the
operating segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they
are aggregated for financial statements purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable
and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s
accounts receivable primarily consist of trade receivables. The
Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts that is based on
historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the
aging of the accounts receivable balances combined with
management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future potential recoverability.
Receivables are written off against the allowance after all
attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company believes
its allowance for doubtful accounts as of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011 are adequate
 but actual write-offs
could exceed the recorded allowance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and
Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant
 and
equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for repairs and
maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals and
betterments that extend the life of the property are capitalized.
Some of the Company&amp;#x2019;s equipment is used by other brewing
companies to produce the Company&amp;#x2019;s products under brewing
service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method based upon the estimated useful lives of the
underlying assets as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=37%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Kegs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production agreement
whichever is shorter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or estimated
useful life of the asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of the
building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash
Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash and cash equivalents
at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011 included cash
on-hand and money market instruments that are highly liquid
investments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;M.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Brewery
Acquisition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On January&amp;#xA0;4
 2012
A&amp;amp;S acquired substantially all of the assets of Southern
California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel City Brewing Company
(&amp;#x201C;Angel City&amp;#x201D;) for a preliminary aggregate purchase
price of $1.9 million
 which includes a payment of $150
000 made in
June 2012 and a payment of $200
000 to be made in March 2013. The
remaining purchase price payment may be reduced by any obligations
satisfied by A&amp;amp;S subsequent to the acquisition
 but incurred by
Angel City prior to the acquisition date. Costs related to the
acquisition of Angel City were not significant and were expensed as
incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The allocation of the
purchase price is preliminary and is based on management&amp;#x2019;s
judgment after evaluating several factors
 including preliminary
valuation assessments of tangible and intangible assets. The final
allocation of the purchase price is as follows (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Trade name&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total assets
acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Remaining purchase price
payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company has assigned an
indefinite life to the acquired trade name and the related value is
included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. Goodwill resulting from this acquisition is expected to be
amortizable for tax purposes. The operating results of Angel City
since the acquisition date are included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In connection with the
acquisition
 A&amp;amp;S entered into a personal services agreement
with Angel City&amp;#x2019;s founder
 pursuant to which he will advise
A&amp;amp;S
 if requested
 on Angel City matters for a period of two
years. Also in connection with the acquisition
 A&amp;amp;S entered
into a lease for the Angel City brewery premises located in Los
Angeles
 California
 from which it intends to brew
 distribute and
sell beers under the Angel City brand name for on and off premise
consumption . Minimum payments under the personal services
agreement and the lease total approximately $1.7 million as of
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 are payable through December&amp;#xA0;31
 2017
and are expensed as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;P.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Income per
Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net Income per Common
Share &amp;#x2013; Basic&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table sets
forth the computation of basic net income per share using the
two-class method:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(53
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except
per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;59
467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;50
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allocation of net income
for basic:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;40
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unvested participating
shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;59
467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;50
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
shares for basic:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unvested participating
shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per share for
basic:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net Income per Common
Share &amp;#x2013; Diluted&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company calculates
diluted net income per share for common stock using the more
dilutive of (1)&amp;#xA0;the treasury stock method
 or (2)&amp;#xA0;the
two-class method
 which assumes the participating securities are
not exercised or converted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following tables set
forth the computation of diluted net income per share
 assuming the
conversion of all Class B Common Stock into Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
Stock and using the two-class method for unvested participating
shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two&amp;#xA0;weeks&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As reported -
basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;40
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Add: effect of dilutive
potential common shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Share-based
awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net effect of unvested
participating shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per common share
- diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58
948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-three&amp;#xA0;weeks&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except
per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As reported -
basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Add: effect of dilutive
potential common shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Share-based
awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net effect of unvested
participating shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per common share
- diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
741&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two&amp;#xA0;weeks&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except
per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As reported -
basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Add: effect of dilutive
potential common shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Share-based
awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net effect of unvested
participating shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per common share
- diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;50
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic net income per common
share for each share of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock and Class B
Common Stock is $4.61
 $5.08 and $3.67 for the fiscal years 2012
2011 and 2010
 respectively
 as each share of Class&amp;#xA0;A and
Class B participates equally in earnings. Shares of Class B are
convertible at any time into shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A on a
one-for-one basis at the option of the stockholder.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average stock
options to purchase 271
000
 213
000 and 17
600 shares of
Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2012
 2011
and 2010
 respectively
 but not included in computing diluted
income per share because their effects were anti-dilutive.
Additionally
 performance-based stock options to purchase 60
000
65
000 and 100
000 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock were
outstanding during fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively
 but
not included in computing dilutive income per share because the
performance criteria of these stock options were not expected to be
met as of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011 and
December&amp;#xA0;25
 2010
 respectively. Furthermore
performance-based stock options to purchase 4
550 and 219
700
shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock were not included in computing
diluted income per share because the performance criteria of these
stock options were not met and the options were cancelled during
the twelve months ended December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and
December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following tables set
forth the computation of diluted net income per share
 assuming the
conversion of all Class B Common Stock into Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
Stock and using the two-class method for unvested participating
shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended
December 29
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except
per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As reported -
basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;40
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Add: effect of dilutive
potential common shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Share-based
awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net effect of unvested
participating shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per common share
- diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58
948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-three weeks ended
December 31
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except
per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As reported -
basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Add: effect of dilutive
potential common shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Share-based
awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net effect of unvested
participating shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per common share
- diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
741&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fifty-two weeks ended
December 25
 2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings to&lt;br /&gt;
Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shareholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common&lt;br /&gt;
Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;EPS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except
per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As reported -
basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Add: effect of dilutive
potential common shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Share-based
awards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net effect of unvested
participating shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per common share
- diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;50
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting
Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In July 2012
 the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2012-02
&lt;i&gt;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)-Testing
Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#x201C;ASU
2012-02&amp;#x201D;)
 to allow entities to use a qualitative approach to
test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. ASU 2012-02
permits an entity to first perform a qualitative assessment to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of
an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying
value. If it is concluded that this is the case
 it is necessary to
perform the currently prescribed quantitative impairment test by
comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset
with its carrying value. Otherwise
 the quantitative impairment
test is not required. ASU 2012-02 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after September 15
 2012. As permitted by ASU 2012-02
the Company early adopted this statement in 2012
 which did not
have a material impact on its financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Significant components of
the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as
follows at:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;strong&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred tax
assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock-based compensation
expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax assets
net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred tax
liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(27
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(24
068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(29
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(25
363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net deferred tax
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(15
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;L.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value
Measures&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company defines fair
value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or be
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. The Company applies
the following fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs
used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the
categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input
that is available and significant to the fair value measurement.
The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
(Level&amp;#xA0;1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs (Level&amp;#xA0;3 measurements).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
&lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Level&amp;#xA0;1 inputs are quoted prices
(unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the
measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
&lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Level&amp;#xA0;2 inputs are inputs other
than quoted prices included within Level&amp;#xA0;1 that are observable
for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly. If the
asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term
 a
Level&amp;#xA0;2 input must be observable for substantially the full
term of the asset or liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
&lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Level&amp;#xA0;3 inputs are unobservable
inputs for the asset or liability in which there is little
 if any
market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement
date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;All financial assets or
liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
(at least annually) have been segregated into the most appropriate
level within the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to
determine the fair value at the measurement date.&amp;#xA0;The assets
or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are
summarized in thetable below (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 29
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

equivalents listed above represent money market mutual fund
securities and are classified within Level 1 of the fair value
hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices. The
Company does not adjust the quoted market price for such financial
instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

surrender value &amp;#x2013; life insurance represents the cash value of
a life insurance policy held by Northwestern Mutual
 an A rated
insurance company and is classified within Level 2 of the fair
value hierarchy. Northwestern Mutual provides the value of this
policy to the Company on a regular basis and the Company adjusts
its book value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

 certificates of
deposit
 receivables and payables are carried at their cost
 which
approximates fair value
 because of their short-term nature.
Financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the
consolidated financial statements are summarized in the table below
(in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 29
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Bank Borrowings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;evaluates its
long-lived assets for impairment when events indicate that an asset
or asset group may have suffered impairment. In the past
 the
Company has recognized impairments of certain land included in
property
 plant and equipment. The Company has relied on the work
of a licensed real estate appraiser to determine the fair value of
the land. The appraiser used comparisons to historical transactions
for similar properties and similar properties available for sale to
assist in determining the land&amp;#x2019;s value. The Company has not
recorded an impairment charge on its long-lived asset in fiscal
2012. The last adjustment to record an asset impairment was in the
fourth quarter of 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company evaluates the
recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets
in the third quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if
events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill or
indefinite-lived intangible assets may be impaired. As
of&amp;#xA0;December 29
 2012
 no such events or changes in
circumstances occurred that would have triggered the need for a
further impairment review.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;R.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Valuation and Qualifying
Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company maintains
reserves against accounts receivable for doubtful accounts and
inventory for obsolete and slow-moving inventory. The Company also
maintains reserves against accounts receivable for distributor
promotional allowances. In addition
 the Company maintains a
reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in
accrued expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
(Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&amp;#xA0;Charged&lt;br /&gt;
Against Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
End of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discount Accrual&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
(Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts Charged&lt;br /&gt;
Against Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
End of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;19
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(19
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(18
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(18
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory Obsolescence Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
(Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts Charged&lt;br /&gt;
Against Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
End of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stale Beer Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
(Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts Charged&lt;br /&gt;
Against Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
End of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
643&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentrations of
Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk
consist principally of cash equivalents and trade receivables. The
Company places its cash equivalents with high credit quality
financial institutions. As of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 the
Company&amp;#x2019;s cash and cash equivalents were invested in
investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S. government agency corporate
money market accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company sells primarily
to independent beer distributors across the United States and
Canada. Sales to non-Canadian foreign customers are insignificant.
Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized;
however
 credit risk is minimized as a result of the large and
diverse nature of the Company&amp;#x2019;s customer base. The Company
establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors
surrounding the credit risk of specific customers
 historical
trends and other information. There were no individual customer
accounts receivable balances outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011 that were in excess of 10% of the gross
accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers
represented more than 10% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues during
fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Significant components of
the provision (benefit) for income taxes are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(53weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Current:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;31
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;37
654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total income tax
provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;37
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;O.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employee Retirement
Plans and Post-Retirement Benefit Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company has two
retirement plans covering substantially all non-union employees
two retirement plans covering substantially all union employees
and one post-retirement medical plan covering substantially all
union employees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prior to 2012
 the Company
participated in two multi-employer pension plans administrated by
organized labor unions. The Company&amp;#x2019;s share of the unfunded
benefit obligations
 employer contributions and benefit costs were
not significant individually or in the aggregate to these plans and
to the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial statements. The Company made
aggregate contributions to the two multi-employer plans of $4
000
$43
000 and $35
000 in 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. During
2012
 the Company withdrew from both multi-employer retirement
plans under agreements whereby the Company will no longer
contribute to or participate in those plans. The Company recorded a
total estimated withdrawal liability of $140
000 which is included
in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet
as of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Non-Union
Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Boston Beer Company
401(k) Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Boston Beer 401(k) Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 which was
established by the Company in 1993
 is a Company-sponsored defined
contribution plan that covers a majority of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
non-union employees who are employed by Boston Beer Corporation
Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd
 and A&amp;amp;S Brewing
Collaborative LLC. All non-union employees of these entities over
the age of 21 are eligible to participate in the plan on the first
day of the first month after commencing employment. Participants
may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual
compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. After the sixth month of
employment
 the Company matches each participant&amp;#x2019;s
contribution. A maximum of 6% of compensation is taken into account
in determining the amount of the match. The Company matches 100% of
the first $1
000 of the eligible compensation participants
contribute. Thereafter
 the Company matches 50% of the eligible
contribution. The Company&amp;#x2019;s contributions to the Boston Beer
401(k) Plan amounted to $1.4 million
 $1.3 million and $1.1 million
in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. The Company is
responsible for the payment of any fees related to the management
of the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the
Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Samuel Adams
Pennsylvania Brewery Company 401(k) Plan (the &amp;#x201C;SAPB 401(k)
Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 which was established in 2008
 covers a majority of
the Company&amp;#x2019;s employees who are employed by Samuel Adams
Pennsylvania Brewery Company (&amp;#x201C;SAPB&amp;#x201D;). All employees of
SAPB over the age of 21 are eligible to participate in the plan
thirty days after commencing employment. Participants in the SAPB
401(k) Plan may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their
annual compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. Under the SAPB
401(k) Plan
 participants receive a Company match equal to 100% of
the first 1% of their eligible compensation and 50% of the next 5%
of their eligible compensation that is contributed to the plan.
Pursuant to the terms of the Contract of Sale with Diageo North
America
 Inc. (&amp;#x201C;Diageo&amp;#x201D;)
 from who the Company
purchased SAPB in 2008
 the Company recognized all service of those
Diageo employees who were subsequently hired by the Company for
eligibility and vesting. The Company&amp;#x2019;s contribution to the
SAPB 401(k) Plan amounted to $0.5 million
 $0.5 million and $0.4
million in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. The
Company is responsible for the payment of any fees related to the
management of the SAPB 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to
the Company. Effective January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013
 the SAPB 401(k) Plan
merged with and into the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

contribution plan
 one defined benefit plan and one post-retirement
medical plan
 which combined cover substantially all union
employees who are employed by Samuel Adams Brewery Company
Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

plan
 the Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. 401(k) Plan for
Represented Employees (the &amp;#x201C;SABC 401(k) Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 is a
Company sponsored plan. It was established in 1997 and is available
to all union employees upon completion of one hour of full-time
employment. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60%
of their annual compensation to the SABC 401(k) Plan
 subject to
IRS limitations. Effective April 1
 2007
 the Company makes a
non-elective contribution for certain bargaining employees who are
members of a specific union. Effective November
 2011
 the Company
expanded the non-elective contribution for additional union
members. Company contributions were insignificant. The Company also
incurs insignificant administration costs for the
plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

a Company-sponsored pension plan
 The Local Union #1199 Defined
Benefit Pension Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Local 1199 Pension Plan&amp;#x201D;).
It was established in 1991 and is eligible to all union employees
who are covered by the Company&amp;#x2019;s collective bargaining
agreement and have completed twelve consecutive months of
employment with at least 750 hours worked. The defined benefit is
determined based on years of service since July 1991. The Company
made combined contributions of $151
000
 $542
000 and $105
000 to
this plan in fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. At December
29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 the unfunded projected pension
benefits were not material to the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial
statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

plan is offered to union employees who have voluntarily retired at
the age of 65 or have become permanently disabled (the
&amp;#x201C;Retiree Medical Plan&amp;#x201D;). Employees must have worked for
the Company or the prior owners for at least 20 years at the
Company&amp;#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery
 been enrolled in the
Company&amp;#x2019;s medical insurance plan for 5 consecutive years
prior to retirement and be eligible for Medicare benefits under the
Social Security Act. Eligible retirees pay 100% of the cost of the
coverage. In addition
 the Company provides a supplement to
eligible retirees from the Local Union #1199 and the local Union
#20 to assist them with the cost of Medicare gap coverage. The
accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation was determined using
a discount rate of 4.0% at December 29
 2012
 4.5% at December 31
2011 and 5.5% at December 31
 2010
 and a 2.5% increase in the
Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for the years then ended. The
effect of a 1% point increase and the effect of a 1% point decrease
in the assumed health care cost trend rates on the aggregate of the
service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement
health care benefit costs and the accumulated post-retirement
benefit obligation for health care benefits would not be
significant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

Company&amp;#x2019;s principal defined benefit pension plan and
post-retirement medical benefit plan are as
follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Local 1199 Pension
Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retiree Medical
Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December
31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
at end of fiscal year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at end
of fiscal year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unfunded Status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

in a family of funds that are designed to minimize excessive
short-term risk and focus on consistent
 competitive long-term
performance
 consistent with the funds&amp;#x2019; investment
objectives. The fund-specific objectives vary and include
maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
maximizing total return from capital appreciation plus income and
funds that invest in common stock of companies that cover a broad
range of industries. The fair value of the plan assets was
determined by reference to period end quoted market
prices.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

rate of return assumption of 7% reflects the Local 1199
Plan&amp;#x2019;s current targeted asset mix of approximately 35% debt
securities and 65% equity securities with assumed average annual
returns of approximately 4% to 6% for debt securities and 8% to 12%
for equity securities. It is assumed that the Local 1199
Plan&amp;#x2019;s investment portfolio will be adjusted periodically to
maintain the targeted ratios of debt securities and equity
securities. Additional consideration is given to the plan&amp;#x2019;s
historical returns as well as future long-range projections of
investment returns for each asset category. The assumed discount
rate in estimating the pension obligation was 4.0% in 2012
 4.5% in
2011
 and 5.5% in 2010.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

weighted-average asset allocations at the measurement dates by
asset category are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 51pt&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset
Category&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December
29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December
31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equity
securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;!-- xbrl
n --&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of Goods
Sold&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following expenses are
included in cost of goods sold: raw material costs
 packaging
costs
 costs and income related to deposit activity
 purchasing and
receiving costs
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 brewing and
processing costs
 inspection costs relating to quality control
inbound freight charges
 depreciation expense related to
manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
labor and overhead costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s changes to the carrying amount of
goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fiscal
Year&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal
year is a fifty-two or fifty-three week period ending on the last
Saturday in December. The fiscal period of 2012 consists of
fifty-two weeks
 fiscal period of 2011 consists of fifty-three
weeks
 and fiscal period of 2010 consist of fifty-two
weeks.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Local 1199 Plan&amp;#x2019;s
weighted-average asset allocations at the measurement dates by
asset category are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 51pt&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset
Category&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December
29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December
31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equity
securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;!-- xbrl
n --&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-lived
Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-lived assets are
recorded at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives.
For purposes of determining whether there are any impairment
losses
 as further discussed below
 management has historically
examined the carrying value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s identifiable
long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when indicators of
impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if an impairment
loss is identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as
compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss would be
charged to expense in the period the impairment is identified.
Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of the long-lived
assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the Company may
determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more appropriate.
In that event
 the Company will be required to record additional
depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Factors generally
considered important which could trigger an impairment review on
the carrying value of long-lived assets include the following:
(1)&amp;#xA0;significant underperformance relative to historical or
projected future operating results; (2)&amp;#xA0;significant changes in
the manner of use of acquired assets or the strategy for the
Company&amp;#x2019;s overall business; (3)&amp;#xA0;underutilization of
assets; and (4)&amp;#xA0;discontinuance of products by the Company or
its customers. The Company believes that the carrying value of its
long-lived assets was realizable as of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and
December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories consisted of
the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;strong&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Work in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less portion included in
other long term assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;A reconciliation of the
beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;strong&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance at beginning of
year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Increases related to
current year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Decrease Increase related
to prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Decreases related to
settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Decreases related to lapse
of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance at end of
year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Information related to
stock options under the Equity Plan and the Non-Employee Director
Plan is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
Average&lt;br /&gt;
Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
Average&lt;br /&gt;
Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
Contractual Term&lt;br /&gt;
in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at December 31
2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
908
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;59
967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;103.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;95.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(245
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at December 29
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
718
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;46.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;148
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at December 29
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;409
272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;39
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested and expected to vest
at December 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
551
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;46.89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;133
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Subsequent
Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company evaluated
subsequent events occurring after the balance sheet date
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 and concluded that there was no event of
which management was aware that occurred after the balance sheet
date that would require any adjustment to or disclosure in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements except for options
and awards granted in January 2013 as disclosed in Note
N.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill is comprised of
two items. It represents the excess of the purchase price of the
Company-owned brewery in Cincinnati
 Ohio (the &amp;#x201C;Cincinnati
Brewery&amp;#x201D;) over the fair value of the net assets acquired upon
the completion of the acquisition in November 2000. During the
first quarter of 2012
 the Company acquired substantially all of
the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a
Angel City Brewing Company and the excess of the purchase price
over the fair value of assets was allocated to goodwill. The
Company does not amortize goodwill
 but performs an annual
impairment analysis of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and
the fair value of its two reporting units at the end of the third
quarter of every fiscal year. The Company has concluded that its
goodwill was not impaired as of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and
December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The final allocation of the
purchase price is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Trade name&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total assets
acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Remaining purchase price
payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  

&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;G.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accrued Expenses and
Other Current Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued expenses and other
current liabilities consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;strong&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Employee wages
 benefits
and reimbursements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Advertising
 promotional
and selling expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income taxes (see Note
I)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued excise
taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Environmental remediation
costs (see Note J)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other accrued
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;60
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;48
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Environmental
Matters&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In accordance with ASC
Topic 410
 &lt;i&gt;Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations
&lt;/i&gt;
the Company accrues for environmental remediation-related
activities for which commitments or cleanup plans have been
developed and for which costs can be reasonably estimated.&amp;#xA0;All
accrued amounts are generally determined on an undiscounted
basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income
Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been
recognized in the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial statements
or tax returns. This results in differences between the book and
tax bases of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets and liabilities and
carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In estimating future tax
consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of
changes in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered.
Valuation allowances are provided to the extent deemed necessary
when realization of deferred tax assets appears
unlikely.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

Company&amp;#x2019;s tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties
in the application of complex tax regulations in several different
state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by
tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews
include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and
the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. In
accordance with ASC Topic 740
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 the Company
records estimated reserves for exposures associated with positions
that it takes on its income tax returns in accordance with that
standard.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;E.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property
 Plant and
Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and plant
equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;183
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;137
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Kegs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;46
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;43
847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Building and building
improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Office equipment and
furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold
improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;310
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;245
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;120
734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;101
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;189
948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;143
586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company recorded
depreciation expense related to these assets of $20.2 million
$18.1 million and $17.3 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and
2010
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment of
Long-lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During 2012
 2011
 and
2010
 the Company recorded impairment charges of $0.1 million
 $0.7
million
 and $0.3 million
 respectively
 based upon its review of
the carrying values of its property
 plant and
equipment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  


 2012
the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately
10.7 million shares of its Class A Common Stock for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $269.9 million as
follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
Purchase&lt;br /&gt;
Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Repurchased at December 26
2009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
669
795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;121
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2010 repurchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
101
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Repurchased at December 25
2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
771
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;189
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011 repurchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;760
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;62
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Repurchased at December 31
2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
531
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;251
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012 repurchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;165
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Repurchased at December 29
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
696
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;269
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The assets or liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized in the
table below (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 29
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December 31
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
summarizes the estimated future annual stock-based compensation
expense related to share-based arrangements existing as of
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 that are expected to vest (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The funded status of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s principal defined benefit pension plan and
post-retirement medical benefit plan are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Local 1199 Pension
Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retiree Medical
Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December
31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
at end of fiscal year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at end
of fiscal year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unfunded Status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;I.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income
Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Significant components of
the provision (benefit) for income taxes are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(53weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Current:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;31
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;37
654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total income tax
provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;37
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

reconciliations to statutory rates are as
follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State income taxes
 net of
federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deduction relating to U.S.
production activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in income tax
contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State audit
settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;37.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as
follows at:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred tax
assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock-based compensation
expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax assets
net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred tax
liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(27
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(24
068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(29
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(25
363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net deferred tax
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(15
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

practice is to classify interest and penalties related to income
tax matters in income tax expense. Interest and penalties included
in the provision for income taxes amounted to $0.1 million
 $0.4
million and $0.7 million for fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively. Accrued interest and penalties amounted to $0.7
million and $1.0 million at December 29
 2012 and December 31
2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance at beginning of
year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Increases related to
current year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Decrease Increase related
to prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Decreases related to
settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Decreases related to lapse
of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance at end of
year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;in the balance
of unrecognized tax benefits at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and
December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011 are potential net benefits of $1.1 million
and $1.6 million
 respectively
 that would favorably impact the
effective tax rate if recognized. Unrecognized tax benefits are
included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets and adjusted in the period in which new information
about a tax position becomes available or the final outcome differs
from the amount recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s state
income tax returns remain subject to examination for three or four
years depending on the state&amp;#x2019;s statute of limitations. In
addition
 the Company is generally obligated to report changes in
taxable income arising from federal income tax audits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In September&amp;#xA0;2011
 the
Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#x201C;IRS&amp;#x201D;) commenced an
examination of the Company&amp;#x2019;s 2007 and 2008 amended
consolidated corporate income tax returns and the related loss
carry back claim to 2006. In addition
 in October 2011
 the IRS
expanded the original examination to include the 2009 corporate
income tax return. The examination was in progress as of
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012. The Company is also being audited by two
states as of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;It is reasonably possible
that the Company&amp;#x2019;s unrecognized tax benefits may increase or
decrease in 2013 if there is a completion of certain income tax
audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate the range of such
possible changes. The Company does not expect that any potential
changes would have a material impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s reserves and excise tax credit due
upon the destruction of the returned beer and related activities
for the 2008 product recall (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes in&lt;br /&gt;
Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves&lt;br /&gt;
Used&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Excise tax
credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Recall-related
costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory
reserves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=52%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 25
&lt;br /&gt;
2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes in&lt;br /&gt;
Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves&lt;br /&gt;
Used&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Excise tax
credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Recall-related
costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory
reserves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2009&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes in&lt;br /&gt;
Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves&lt;br /&gt;
Used&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 25
&lt;br /&gt;
2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Product returns&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Excise tax
credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Recall-related
costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory
reserves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
421&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of
Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are wholly-owned. All
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in
consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;T.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarterly Results
(Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal
quarters are consistently determined year to year and generally
consist of 13 weeks
 except in those fiscal years in which there
are fifty-three weeks where the last fiscal quarters then consist
of 14 weeks. In management&amp;#x2019;s opinion
 the following unaudited
information includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal
recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the
information for the quarters presented. The operating results for
any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any
future quarters.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=28%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;For Quarters
Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012 (3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;September 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011(2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(14
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;September 24
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 25
&lt;br /&gt;
2011(1)&lt;br /&gt;
(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 26
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except
per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Barrels sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;658&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;153
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;166
448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;147
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;113
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;142
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;134
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;133
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;102
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;79
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;93
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;80
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;61
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;80
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;76
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;76
073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;52
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33
310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
445&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per share
&amp;#x2013; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per share
&amp;#x2013; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the second quarter
of 2011
 the Company entered into a settlement agreement with its
former glass supplier. The Company received a cash payment of $20.5
million which was recorded as an offset to operating
expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the fourth quarter
of 2011
 the Company recorded a $2.1 million decrease in its tax
liabilities as a result of a state tax audit settlement and a $1.5
million decrease in its liability for refundable deposits for lost
kegs and pallets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the fourth quarter
of 2012
 the Company recorded $3.5 million of promotional expenses
as contra revenue which had previously been included in
Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;!-- /xbrl
ns --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;General and
Administrative Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following expenses are
included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income: general and administrative
salary and benefit expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service
fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment
expenses for general and administrative employees
 and other
general and administrative overhead costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;C.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories consist of raw
materials
 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which
principally consist of hops
 other brewing materials and packaging
are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on the first-in
first-out basis
 or market. Inventories are generally classified as
current assets. The Company&amp;#x2019;s goal is to maintain a supply of
approximately two years for essential hop varieties on-hand in
order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. As of
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 the Company has classified approximately
$1.5 million of hops inventory in other long term assets that are
above two years forecasted usage. The cost elements of work in
process and finished goods inventory consist of raw materials
direct labor and manufacturing overhead. Inventories consisted of
the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;strong&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Work in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less portion included in
other long term assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;29
2012
 projected cash outflows under hops purchase commitments for
each of the remaining years under the contracts are as
follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=85%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In management&amp;#x2019;s
opinion
 the following unaudited information includes all
adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
for a fair presentation of the information for the quarters
presented. The operating results for any quarter are not
necessarily indicative of results for any future
quarters.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=28%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;For Quarters
Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012 (3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;September 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011(2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(14
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;September 24
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 25
&lt;br /&gt;
2011(1)&lt;br /&gt;
(13 weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March 26
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=30 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except
per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Barrels sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;658&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;153
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;166
448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;147
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;113
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;142
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;134
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;133
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;102
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;79
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;93
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;80
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;61
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;80
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;76
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;76
073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;52
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33
310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
445&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per share
&amp;#x2013; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per share
&amp;#x2013; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the second quarter
of 2011
 the Company entered into a settlement agreement with its
former glass supplier. The Company received a cash payment of $20.5
million which was recorded as an offset to operating
expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the fourth quarter
of 2011
 the Company recorded a $2.1 million decrease in its tax
liabilities as a result of a state tax audit settlement and a $1.5
million decrease in its liability for refundable deposits for lost
kegs and pallets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the fourth quarter
of 2012
 the Company recorded $3.5 million of promotional expenses
as contra revenue which had previously been included in
Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;!-- /xbrl
ns --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping
Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Costs incurred for the
shipping of products to customers are included in advertising
promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income. The Company incurred shipping costs of $36.3
million
 $31.1 million and $24.1 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011
and 2010
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based
Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company accounts for
share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718
&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#x201C;ASC
718&amp;#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of share-based
compensation costs in financial statements based on fair value.
Compensation cost is recognized over the period during which an
employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
(the requisite service period). The amount of compensation cost
recognized in the consolidated statements of income is based on the
awards ultimately expected to vest
 and therefore
 reduced for
estimated forfeitures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As permitted by ASC 718
the Company elected to use a lattice model
 such as the binomial
option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of stock options
with the exception of the 2008 stock option grant to the
Company&amp;#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is considered to be
a market-based award and was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo
Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential
outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most
likely outcome. See Note N for further discussion of the
application of the option-pricing models.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;J.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Commitments and
Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Purchase
Commitments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company had outstanding
total non-cancelable purchase commitments of $106.8 million at
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012. These commitments are made up of hops and
malt totaling $40.1 million
 equipment and machinery of $25.6
million
 glass bottles of $15.4 million
 advertising contracts of
$14.7 million
 and other of $11.0 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company has entered
into contracts for the supply of a portion of its hops
requirements. These purchase contracts extend through crop year
2016 and specify both the quantities and prices
 mostly denominated
in Euros
 to which the Company is committed. Hops purchase
commitments outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 totaled
$29.7&amp;#xA0;million
 based on the exchange rates on that date. The
Company does not use forward currency exchange contracts and
intends to purchase future hops using the exchange rate at the time
of purchase. As of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 projected cash outflows
under hops purchase commitments for each of the remaining years
under the contracts are&amp;#xA0; as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=85%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

 the Company has
entered into contracts for barley
 wheat
 and malt with two major
suppliers. The contracts include crop year 2012 and covers a
portion of the Company&amp;#x2019;s barley and wheat requirements for
2013. Barley
 wheat
 and malt purchase commitments outstanding at
December 29
 2012 totaled $10.4 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

bottles pursuant to a Glass Bottle Supply Agreement with Anchor
Glass Container Corporation (&amp;#x201C;Anchor&amp;#x201D;) under which
Anchor is the exclusive supplier of certain glass bottles for the
Cincinnati Brewery and the Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement
also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles
to other breweries where the Company brews its beers. Under the
Anchor agreement
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase
commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates
which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be
fulfilled. Minimum purchase commitments under this agreement
assuming Anchor is unable to replace lost production capacity
cancelled by the Company
 as of December 29
 2012 totaled $15.4
million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

December 29
 2012
 the Company brewed most of its volume at Company
owned breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company
has historically entered into various production arrangements with
other brewing companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the
Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing companies
including the raw materials that are used in the liquid
 at the
time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to
repurchase all unused raw materials purchased by the brewing
company specifically for the Company&amp;#x2019;s beers at the brewing
company&amp;#x2019;s cost upon termination of the production
arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume
requirements in conjunction with certain production arrangements
which are not material to the Company&amp;#x2019;s
operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

arrangements with other brewing companies require it to
periodically purchase equipment in support of brewery operations.
As of December 29
 2012
 there were no significant equipment
purchase requirements outstanding under existing contracts. Changes
to the Company&amp;#x2019;s brewing strategy or existing production
arrangements
 new production relationships or the introduction of
new products in the future may require the Company to purchase
equipment to support the contract breweries&amp;#x2019;
operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

Commitments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

operating lease agreements in place for facilities and equipment as
of December 29
 2012. Terms of these leases include
 in some
instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and
maintenance costs
 and vary by lease. These lease obligations
expire at various dates through 2021. Aggregate rent expense was
$2.0 million
 $1.4 million and $1.3 million in fiscal years 2012
2011 and 2010
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

rental payments under these agreements are as
follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=85%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


2009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;
 the Company was informed that ownership of the High Falls
brewery located in Rochester
 New York (the &amp;#x201C;Rochester
Brewery&amp;#x201D;) changed and that the new owners would not assume
the Company&amp;#x2019;s existing contract for brewing services at the
Rochester Brewery. Brewing of the Company&amp;#x2019;s products at the
Rochester Brewery subsequently ceased in April 2009. In February
2010
 the Company filed a Demand for Arbitration with the American
Arbitration Association (the &amp;#x201C;arbitration&amp;#x201D;) which
 as
amended
 asserted a breach of contract claim against the previous
owner of the Rochester Brewery. In March 2010
 the new and previous
owners of the Rochester Brewery filed a complaint in federal court
seeking a declaratory judgment and injunction to require certain of
the Company&amp;#x2019;s claims to proceed in court
 rather than in the
arbitration. In April 2010
 the Company filed an answer to that
complaint and asserted certain counterclaims
 including a claim
against the new owners of the Rochester Brewery for interference
with contract. The court denied the new and previous owners&amp;#x2019;
motion for a preliminary injunction in June 2010. A hearing in the
arbitration was held in October 2010. In January 2011
 the
arbitrator issued an award of approximately $1.3 million in damages
and expenses to be paid by High Falls Brewery Company
 LLC to the
Company
 although the likelihood of collection of such award is in
doubt. In August 2011
 the district court granted the previous
owner&amp;#x2019;s motion to dismiss the interference claim
 and in June
2012 the court denied a motion to amend that claim.&amp;#xA0;The
Company filed an appeal of those rulings in September 2012
 which
is pending.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company is currently
not a party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of
which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its
financial condition or the results of its operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Environmental
Matters&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the second quarter
of 2010
 the Company entered into an agreement with the City of
Cincinnati (the &amp;#x201C;City&amp;#x201D;) to complete a remediation in
accordance with a remediation plan on environmentally contaminated
land to be purchased by the City which is adjacent to Company-owned
land at the Cincinnati Brewery (the
&amp;#x201C;Property&amp;#x201D;).&amp;#xA0;In the third quarter of 2010
 the
City was awarded a Clean Ohio Revitalization Fund grant
(&amp;#x201C;CORF Grant&amp;#x201D;) for the Property and will use these
funds to complete the purchase of the Property and will provide
funds to the Company to remediate the contaminated land and
demolish certain other buildings on adjacent parcels.&amp;#xA0;The
Company paid approximately $0.3 million to the City for an option
to purchase the Property after it has been fully remediated to
enable potential future expansion at the Cincinnati Brewery
 which
is included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet.&amp;#xA0;In connection with
these agreements
 the Company recorded a current liability and an
equal and offsetting other asset of approximately $2.6 million for
the estimated total cleanup costs for which it is responsible under
the remediation plan and the related CORF Grant
respectively.&amp;#xA0;Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company
would not be reimbursed by the City for any remediation cost above
the currently estimated cleanup cost of approximately $2.6
million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

of 2012
 the Company entered into a second agreement with the City
to complete a remediation in accordance with a remediation plan on
environmentally contaminated land purchased by the Company which is
also adjacent to Company-owned land at the Cincinnati Brewery (the
&amp;#x201C;Second Property&amp;#x201D;). The City was awarded a Clean Ohio
Revitalization Fund grant (&amp;#x201C;CORF II Grant&amp;#x201D;) and will
provide funds to the Company to offset a portion of the purchase
price of the Second Property
 clean-up the contaminated land and
buildings and to then demolish the buildings located on the Second
Property. The Company paid approximately $263
000 to purchase the
Second Property
 which is included in property
 plant and
equipment
 net
 in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. In
connection with these arrangements
 the Company recorded a current
liability and an equal and offsetting other asset of approximately
$663
000 for the estimated total acquisition and cleanup costs for
which it is responsible under the remediation plan and the related
CORF II Grant
 respectively. Under the terms of the agreement with
the City
 the Company would not be reimbursed by the City for any
remediation cost above the currently estimated acquisition and
cleanup costs of approximately $663
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

environmental remediation-related activities for which commitments
or cleanup plans have been developed and for which costs can be
reasonably estimated.&amp;#xA0;All accrued amounts are generally
determined in coordination with third-party experts on an
undiscounted basis.&amp;#xA0;In light of existing reserves
 any
additional remediation costs above the currently estimated cost of
$3.2 million will not
 in the opinion of management
 have a
material adverse effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated
financial position or results of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Aggregate minimum annual
rental payments under these agreements are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=85%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising and Sales
Promotions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following expenses are
included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
accompanying consolidated statements of income: media advertising
costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
and meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales and
sales support workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight
charges related to shipments of finished goods from manufacturing
locations to distributor locations and point-of-sale items. Total
advertising and sales promotional expenditures of $78.3 million
$73.4 million and $66.1 million were included in advertising
promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income for fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company conducts
certain advertising and promotional activities in its
wholesalers&amp;#x2019; markets and the wholesalers make contributions
to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from wholesalers
for advertising and promotional activities are recorded as
reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
provides information regarding stock-based compensation expense
included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=77%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(53
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts included in
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts included in general
and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;*&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total stock-based
compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts related to
performance-based stock options included in total stock-based
compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net of a reversal of
approximately $872
000 of expense related to a performance-based
option to purchase 120
000 shares granted to the Chief Executive
Officer in 2005.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;F.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill represents the
excess of the purchase price of the Company-owned breweries over
the fair value of the net assets acquired upon the completion of
the acquisitions. During the first quarter of 2012
 the Company
acquired substantially all of the assets of Southern California
Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel City Brewing Company. A portion
of the purchase price was allocated to goodwill. See Note M for
details on this acquisition.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s changes to the carrying amount of
goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  

&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;B.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fiscal
Year&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal
year is a fifty-two or fifty-three week period ending on the last
Saturday in December. The fiscal period of 2012 consists of
fifty-two weeks
 fiscal period of 2011 consists of fifty-three
weeks
 and fiscal period of 2010 consist of fifty-two
weeks.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of
Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are wholly-owned. All
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in
consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Segment
Reporting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
consists of two operating segments that each produce and sell
alcohol beverages. The first operating segment is comprised of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s Samuel Adams&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Sam Adams Light&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Twisted Tea&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
and Angry Orchard&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
brands. The second segment is the A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative
which is comprised of The Traveler Beer Company and Angel City
Brewing Company. Both segments have similar economic
characteristics. They also sell predominantly low alcohol
beverages
 which are sold to the same types of customers in similar
size quantities
 at similar price points and through substantially
the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured
using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content
and generally fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the
operating segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they
are aggregated for financial statements purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of
Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The preparation of the
consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash
Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash and cash equivalents
at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011 included cash
on-hand and money market instruments that are highly liquid
investments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable
and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s
accounts receivable primarily consist of trade receivables. The
Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts that is based on
historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the
aging of the accounts receivable balances combined with
management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future potential recoverability.
Receivables are written off against the allowance after all
attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company believes
its allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 29
 2012 and
December 31
 2011 are adequate
 but actual write-offs could exceed
the recorded allowance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit
risk consist principally of cash equivalents and trade receivables.
The Company places its cash equivalents with high credit quality
financial institutions. As of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 the
Company&amp;#x2019;s cash and cash equivalents were invested in
investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S. government agency corporate
money market accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company sells primarily
to independent beer distributors across the United States and
Canada. Sales to non-Canadian foreign customers are insignificant.
Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized;
however
 credit risk is minimized as a result of the large and
diverse nature of the Company&amp;#x2019;s customer base. The Company
establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors
surrounding the credit risk of specific customers
 historical
trends and other information. There were no individual customer
accounts receivable balances outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011 that were in excess of 10% of the gross
accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers
represented more than 10% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues during
fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments
and Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s primary
financial instruments consisted of cash equivalents
 accounts
receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses at
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011. The Company
determines the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
(&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) Topic 820
 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#x201C;ASC 820&amp;#x201D;). The Company believes that
the carrying amount of its cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts
payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the
short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company is
not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit risks
arising from these financial assets and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories and
Provision for Excess or Expired Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories consist of raw
materials
 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which
principally consist of hops
 other brewing materials and packaging
are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or
market value. The cost elements of work in process and finished
goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and
manufacturing overhead. Packaging design costs are expensed as
incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The provisions for excess
or expired inventory are based on management&amp;#x2019;s estimates of
forecasted usage of inventories on hand and under contract. A
significant change in the timing or level of demand for certain
products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording
additional provisions for excess or expired inventory in the
future. Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of
goods sold and have historically been adequate to provide for
losses on its raw materials.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The computation of the
excess hops inventory requires management to make certain
assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
maximize utilization of hops on hand and hops under commitment. The
Company&amp;#x2019;s accounting policy for hops inventory and purchase
commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&amp;#x2019;s
expected future usage.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and
Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant
 and
equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for repairs and
maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals and
betterments that extend the life of the property are capitalized.
Some of the Company&amp;#x2019;s equipment is used by other brewing
companies to produce the Company&amp;#x2019;s products under brewing
service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method based upon the estimated useful lives of the
underlying assets as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Kegs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production agreement
whichever is shorter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or estimated
useful life of the asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of the
building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

on Kegs and Pallets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Company
distributes its draft beer in kegs and packaged beer primarily in
glass bottles and such kegs and bottles are shipped on pallets to
wholesalers. All kegs and pallets are owned by the Company. Kegs
are reflected in the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheets at cost and are
depreciated over the estimated useful life of the keg
 while
pallets are expensed upon purchase. Upon shipment of beer to
wholesalers
 the Company collects a refundable deposit on the kegs
and pallets
 which is included in current liabilities in the
Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheets. Upon return of the kegs and pallets
to the Company
 the deposit is refunded to the
wholesaler.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company has experienced
some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will
occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs and
pallets handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous
nature of kegs and pallets owned by most brewers and the relatively
small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market
value. The Company believes that this is an industry-wide issue and
that the Company&amp;#x2019;s loss experience is not atypical. The
Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
 after
considering the forfeiture of related deposits
 has not been
material to the financial statements. In 2010
 the Company began
estimating the physical count of kegs and pallets held by certain
of its larger wholesalers and the forfeited deposits attributable
to lost kegs and pallets. The Company uses internal records
records maintained by wholesalers
 records maintained by other
third party vendors and historical information to estimate the
physical count of kegs and pallets held by wholesalers. These
estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and
equipment and current liabilities as of the date of the financial
statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits could
differ from these estimates. For the year ended December&amp;#xA0;29
2012
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated
depreciation by $287
000
 $1.1 million and $1.1 million
respectively. For the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 the
Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross
property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation
by $1.9 million
 $4.6 million and $4.6 million
 respectively. As of
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 the
Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheet includes $14.2 million and $12.6
million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and pallets
and $9.8 million and $10.8 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment
net of accumulated depreciation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill is comprised of
two items. It represents the excess of the purchase price of the
Company-owned brewery in Cincinnati
 Ohio (the &amp;#x201C;Cincinnati
Brewery&amp;#x201D;) over the fair value of the net assets acquired upon
the completion of the acquisition in November 2000. During the
first quarter of 2012
 the Company acquired substantially all of
the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a
Angel City Brewing Company and the excess of the purchase price
over the fair value of assets was allocated to goodwill. The
Company does not amortize goodwill
 but performs an annual
impairment analysis of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and
the fair value of its two reporting units at the end of the third
quarter of every fiscal year. The Company has concluded that its
goodwill was not impaired as of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and
December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-lived
Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-lived assets are
recorded at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives.
For purposes of determining whether there are any impairment
losses
 as further discussed below
 management has historically
examined the carrying value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s identifiable
long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when indicators of
impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if an impairment
loss is identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as
compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss would be
charged to expense in the period the impairment is identified.
Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of the long-lived
assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the Company may
determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more appropriate.
In that event
 the Company will be required to record additional
depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Factors generally
considered important which could trigger an impairment review on
the carrying value of long-lived assets include the following:
(1)&amp;#xA0;significant underperformance relative to historical or
projected future operating results; (2)&amp;#xA0;significant changes in
the manner of use of acquired assets or the strategy for the
Company&amp;#x2019;s overall business; (3)&amp;#xA0;underutilization of
assets; and (4)&amp;#xA0;discontinuance of products by the Company or
its customers. The Company believes that the carrying value of its
long-lived assets was realizable as of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and
December 31
 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been
recognized in the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial statements
or tax returns. This results in differences between the book and
tax bases of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets and liabilities and
carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In estimating future tax
consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of
changes in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered.
Valuation allowances are provided to the extent deemed necessary
when realization of deferred tax assets appears
unlikely.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

Company&amp;#x2019;s tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties
in the application of complex tax regulations in several different
state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by
tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews
include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and
the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. In
accordance with ASC Topic 740
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 the Company
records estimated reserves for exposures associated with positions
that it takes on its income tax returns in accordance with that
standard.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Company is
responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and
Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department (the
&amp;#x201C;TTB&amp;#x201D;) regulations which includes making timely and
accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic
compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise
taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company
calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on
its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net revenue includes
product sales
 less the distributor promotional discount allowance
certain wholesaler incentives
 as discussed below in Wholesaler
Incentives
 the stale beer accrual and excise taxes. The Company
recognizes revenue on product sales at the time when the product is
shipped and the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer
according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and
determinable
 and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably
assured. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the
Company defers the revenue until all conditions are met. As of
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 the Company has deferred $3.6 million in
revenue related to product shipped prior to December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012.
As December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 the Company has deferred $1.7 million in
revenue related to product shipped prior to December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011.
These amounts are included in accrued expenses and other current
liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In certain circumstances
and with the Company&amp;#x2019;s approval
 the Company accepts and
destroys stale beer that is returned by distributors. The Company
credits approximately fifty percent of the distributor&amp;#x2019;s cost
of the beer that has passed its expiration date for freshness when
it is returned to the Company or destroyed. The Company reduces
revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical
returns
 which is applied to an estimated lag time for receipt of
product
 and knowledge of specific return transactions. Stale beer
expense is reflected in the accompanying financial statements as a
reduction of revenue; however
 the actual stale beer expense
incurred by the Company could differ from the estimated
accrual.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of Goods
Sold&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following expenses are
included in cost of goods sold: raw material costs
 packaging
costs
 costs and income related to deposit activity
 purchasing and
receiving costs
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 brewing and
processing costs
 inspection costs relating to quality control
inbound freight charges
 depreciation expense related to
manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
labor and overhead costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping
Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Costs incurred for the
shipping of products to customers are included in advertising
promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income. The Company incurred shipping costs of $36.3
million
 $31.1 million and $24.1 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011
and 2010
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising and Sales
Promotions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following expenses are
included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
accompanying consolidated statements of income: media advertising
costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
and meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales and
sales support workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight
charges related to shipments of finished goods from manufacturing
locations to distributor locations and point-of-sale items. Total
advertising and sales promotional expenditures of $78.3 million
$73.4 million and $66.1 million were included in advertising
promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income for fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company conducts
certain advertising and promotional activities in its
wholesalers&amp;#x2019; markets and the wholesalers make contributions
to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from wholesalers
for advertising and promotional activities are recorded as
reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Programs and
Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs
and customer incentives
 are a common practice in the alcohol
beverage industry. The Company incurs customer program costs to
promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing.
Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives
are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic
605-50
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&amp;#x2014;Customer Payments and
Incentives&lt;/i&gt;
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts
paid to customers totaled $28.1 million
 $26.5 million and $26.0
million in fiscal year 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

customer promotional discount programs with its various wholesalers
for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to wholesalers in
connection with these programs in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
were $19.5 million
 $18.8 million
 and $18.8 million
 respectively.
The reimbursements for discounts to wholesalers are recorded as
reductions to net revenue. The agreed-upon discount rates are
applied to certain wholesalers&amp;#x2019; sales to retailers
 based on
volume metrics
 in order to determine the total discounted amount.
The computation of the discount allowance requires that management
make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and
amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional
discounts owed and paid have historically been in line with
allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could
differ from the estimated allowance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

incentive arrangements primarily with its wholesalers based upon
performance of certain marketing and advertising activities by the
wholesalers. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
these activities promoting the Company&amp;#x2019;s products may
include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and merchandise
placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at
retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid
to customers primarily for customer incentives were $8.6 million
$7.7 million and $7.2 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively. Prior to 2012
 these customer incentives were
recorded in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. During
2012
 the Company began recording certain of these costs in the
total amount of $6.3 million as reductions to net revenue rather
than in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Costs
recognized as reduction to net revenues include
 but are not
limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain
other promotional activities. Costs typically recognized in
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale
materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local
markets. These costs are recorded as incurred
 generally when
invoices are received; however certain estimates are required at
period end. Estimates are based on historical and projected
experience for each type of program or customer and have
historically been in line with actual costs
incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;General and
Administrative Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following expenses are
included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income: general and administrative
salary and benefit expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service
fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment
expenses for general and administrative employees
 and other
general and administrative overhead costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based
Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company accounts for
share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718
&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#x201C;ASC
718&amp;#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of share-based
compensation costs in financial statements based on fair value.
Compensation cost is recognized over the period during which an
employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
(the requisite service period). The amount of compensation cost
recognized in the consolidated statements of income is based on the
awards ultimately expected to vest
 and therefore
 reduced for
estimated forfeitures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As permitted by ASC 718
the Company elected to use a lattice model
 such as the binomial
option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of stock options
with the exception of the 2008 stock option grant to the
Company&amp;#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is considered to be
a market-based award and was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo
Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential
outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most
likely outcome. See Note N for further discussion of the
application of the option-pricing models.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net Income Per
Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic net income per share
is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average common
shares outstanding. Diluted net income per share is calculated by
dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares and
potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period using
the treasury stock method or the two-class method
 whichever is
more dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;amounts in
prior periods have been reclassified in order to conform to current
presentation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Environmental
Matters&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In accordance with ASC
Topic 410
 &lt;i&gt;Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations
&lt;/i&gt;
the Company accrues for environmental remediation-related
activities for which commitments or cleanup plans have been
developed and for which costs can be reasonably estimated.&amp;#xA0;All
accrued amounts are generally determined on an undiscounted
basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting
Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In July 2012
 the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2012-02
&lt;i&gt;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)-Testing
Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#x201C;ASU
2012-02&amp;#x201D;)
 to allow entities to use a qualitative approach to
test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. ASU 2012-02
permits an entity to first perform a qualitative assessment to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of
an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying
value. If it is concluded that this is the case
 it is necessary to
perform the currently prescribed quantitative impairment test by
comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset
with its carrying value. Otherwise
 the quantitative impairment
test is not required. ASU 2012-02 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after September 15
 2012. As permitted by ASU 2012-02
the Company early adopted this statement in 2012
 which did not
have a material impact on its financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of
Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The preparation of the
consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;A.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Organization and Basis
of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Boston Beer
Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &amp;#x201C;Company&amp;#x201D;) are
engaged in the business of selling alcohol beverages throughout the
United States and in selected international markets
 under the
trade names &amp;#x201C;The Boston Beer Company
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;Twisted
Tea Brewing Company
&amp;#x201D; and &amp;#x201C;Angry Orchard Cider
Company.&amp;#x201D; The Company&amp;#x2019;s Samuel Adams&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
beers and Sam Adams Light&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
are produced and sold under the trade name &amp;#x201C;The Boston Beer
Company.&amp;#x201D; A&amp;amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a
Alchemy&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Science (&amp;#x201C;A&amp;amp;S&amp;#x201D;)
 a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company
 produces and sells beer under the trade
names &amp;#x201C;The Traveler Beer Co.&amp;#x201D; (formerly &amp;#x201C;House of
Shandy&amp;#x201D;) and &amp;#x201C;Angel City Brewing
Company.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net Income Per
Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic net income per share
is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average common
shares outstanding. Diluted net income per share is calculated by
dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares and
potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period using
the treasury stock method or the two-class method
 whichever is
more dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average
assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock options on the
date of grants are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercise factor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.9 times&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.2 times&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.0 times&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount for post-vesting
restrictions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;N.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock and
Share-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
Stock has no voting rights
 except (1)&amp;#xA0;as required by law
(2)&amp;#xA0;for the election of Class&amp;#xA0;A Directors
 and
(3)&amp;#xA0;that the approval of the holders of the Class&amp;#xA0;A
Common Stock is required for (a)&amp;#xA0;certain future authorizations
or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to
Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 (b)&amp;#xA0;certain alterations of rights
or terms of the Class&amp;#xA0;A or Class B Common Stock as set forth
in the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (c)&amp;#xA0;other
amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
(d)&amp;#xA0;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions
of
 other entities
 and (e)&amp;#xA0;sales or dispositions of any
significant portion of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Class B Common Stock
has full voting rights
 including the right to (1)&amp;#xA0;elect a
majority of the members of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Board of Directors
and (2)&amp;#xA0;approve all (a)&amp;#xA0;amendments to the Company&amp;#x2019;s
Articles of Organization
 (b)&amp;#xA0;mergers or consolidations with
or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&amp;#xA0;sales or dispositions
of any significant portion of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets
 and
(d)&amp;#xA0;equity-based and other executive compensation and other
significant corporate matters. The Company&amp;#x2019;s Class B Common
Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class B Common Stock
is freely convertible into one share of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
upon request of any Class B holder
 and participates equally in
earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;All distributions with
respect to the Company&amp;#x2019;s capital stock are restricted by the
Company&amp;#x2019;s credit agreement
 with the exception of
distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer
Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 repurchase from former
employees of non-vested investment shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
Stock issued under the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity incentive plan
redemption of certain shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock as
approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash dividends to
its holders of common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Employee Stock
Compensation Plan&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s
Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Equity Plan&amp;#x201D;)
currently provides for the grant of discretionary options and
restricted stock awards to employees
 and provides for shares to be
sold to employees of the Company at a discounted purchase price
under its investment share program. The Equity Plan is administered
by the Board of Directors of the Company
 based on recommendations
received from the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.
The Compensation Committee consists of three independent directors.
In determining the quantities and types of awards for grant
 the
Compensation Committee periodically reviews the objectives of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s compensation system and takes into account the
position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the
nature and value to the Company of his or her service and
accomplishments
 his or her present and potential contributions to
the success of the Company
 the value of the type of awards to the
employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems
relevant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock options and related
vesting requirements and terms are granted at the Board of
Directors&amp;#x2019; discretion
 but generally vest ratably over
five-year periods and
 with respect to certain options granted to
members of senior management
 based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual term of stock
options is ten years
 although the Board of Directors may grant
options that exceed the ten-year term. During fiscal 2012
 2011 and
2010
 the Company granted options to purchase 42
600
 228
200 and
65
100 shares
 respectively
 of its Class A Common Stock to
employees at market price on the grant dates. Of the 2012 option
grants
 11
100 shares relate to performance-based option grants and
31
500 shares relate to special long-term service based retention
stock options. Of the 2011 option grants
 13
200 shares relate to
performance-based option grants and 215
000 shares relate to
special long-term service based retention stock options. All 2010
option grants are performance-based options. The number of shares
that will vest under the performance-based options depends on the
level of performance targets attained on various dates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013
the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 40
925
shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock with a
weighted average fair value of $58.83 per share
 of which 15
000
shares represented special long-term retention stock options to two
key employees.&amp;#xA0;The special long-term retention stock options
are service-based with 60% of the shares vesting on January&amp;#xA0;1
2018 and the remaining shares vesting annually in equal tranches
over the following four years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Restricted stock awards are
also granted at the Board of Directors&amp;#x2019; discretion. During
fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Company granted 16
375
 17
687 and
33
617 shares
 respectively
 of restricted stock awards to certain
senior managers and key employees
 which vest ratably over service
periods of five years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

investment share program which permits employees who have been with
the Company for at least one year to purchase shares of Class A
Common Stock at a discount from current market value of 0% to 40%
based on the employee&amp;#x2019;s tenure with the Company. Investment
shares vest ratably over service periods of five years.
Participants may pay for these shares either up front or through
payroll deductions over an eleven-month period during the year of
purchase. During fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 employees elected to
purchase an aggregate of 13
360
 12
985 and 20
392 investment
shares
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

 2013
 the
Company granted 11
530 shares of restricted stock awards to certain
senior managers and key employees and employees elected to purchase
12
894 shares under the investment share program.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

6.0 million shares of Class A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to
the Equity Plan
 of which 0.9 million shares were available for
grant as of December 29
 2012. Shares reserved for issuance under
cancelled employee stock options and forfeited restricted stock are
returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or
purchases. The Company also purchases unvested investment shares
from employees who have left the Company; these shares are also
returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or
purchases.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

Options&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

option plan for non-employee directors of the Company (the
&amp;#x201C;Non-Employee Director Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 pursuant to which each
non-employee director of the Company is granted an option to
purchase shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class A Common Stock upon
election or re-election to the Board of Directors. Stock options
issued to non-employee directors vest upon grant and have a maximum
contractual term of ten years. In years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the
Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 17
367
 30
000
and 30
000 shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class A Common Stock to
non-employee directors
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

550
000 shares of Class A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the
Non-Employee Director Plan
 of which 125
133 shares were available
for grant as of December 29
 2012. Cancelled non-employee
directors&amp;#x2019; stock options are returned to the reserve under
the Non-Employee Director Plan for future grants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

Activity&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

stock options under the Equity Plan and the Non-Employee Director
Plan is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
Average&lt;br /&gt;
Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
Average&lt;br /&gt;
Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
Contractual Term&lt;br /&gt;
in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at December 31
2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
908
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;59
967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;103.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;95.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(245
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at December 29
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
718
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;46.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;148
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at December 29
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;409
272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;39
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested and expected to vest
at December 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
551
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;46.89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;133
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

outstanding at December 29
 2012
 381
470 shares were
performance-based options.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

to Chief Executive Officer&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

 2008
 the
Company granted the Chief Executive Officer an option to purchase
753
864 shares of its Class A Common Stock
 which vests over a
five-year period
 commencing on January 1
 2014
 at the rate of 20%
per year. The exercise price is determined by multiplying $42.00 by
the aggregate change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after
January 1
 2008 through the close of business on the trading date
next preceding each date on which the option is exercised. The
exercise price will not be less than $37.65 per share and the
excess of the fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class A Common
Stock cannot exceed $70 per share over the exercise price. The
Company is accounting for this award as a market-based award which
was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and
establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under the
Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the Company calculated the
weighted average fair value per share to be $8.41
 and recorded
stock-based compensation expense of $0.8
 $0.8
 and $0.7 million
related to this option in the fiscal year 2012
 2011
 and 2010
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

 the Company
granted an option to purchase 180
000 shares of its Class A Common
Stock to its Chief Executive Officer that cliff-vest after
completion of a six-year service period. Under the binomial
option-pricing model
 the weighted average fair value of the option
is $19.39 per share
 and the Company recorded stock-based
compensation expense of $0.6
 $0.5
 and $0.5 million related to
this stock option in the fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

available prior to the issuance of the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial
statements for the fiscal year ended December 26
 2009
 the
Compensation Committee of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Board of Directors
concluded that it was probable that the performance criteria under
the option to purchase 120
000 shares granted to the Chief
Executive Officer in 2005 would be met. The Company accordingly
recorded related compensation expense of approximately $0.9 million
in the fourth quarter of 2009. In late April 2010
 the Compensation
Committee
 based upon updated information available through April
23
 2010
 concluded that one of the three applicable performance
criteria had not been met. As a result
 the option with respect to
these 120
000 shares lapsed and
 in the first quarter of 2010
 the
Company reversed
 as a change in estimate
 the related compensation
expense of approximately $0.9 million
 or $0.04 per dilutive share
for the twelve months ended December 25
 2010.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

provides information regarding stock-based compensation expense
included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=77%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(53
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts included in
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts included in general
and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;*&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total stock-based
compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts related to
performance-based stock options included in total stock-based
compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net of a reversal of
approximately $872
000 of expense related to a performance-based
option to purchase 120
000 shares granted to the Chief Executive
Officer in 2005.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

the Company uses a lattice model
 such as the binomial
option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of stock options.
The Company believes that the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is
less effective than the binomial option-pricing model in valuing
long-term options
 as it assumes that volatility and interest rates
are constant over the life of the option. In addition
 the Company
believes that the binomial option-pricing model more accurately
reflects the fair value of its stock awards
 as it takes into
account historical employee exercise patterns based on changes in
the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock price and other relevant variables. The
weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during 2012
2011 and 2010 was $45.03
 $43.07 and $21.96 per share
respectively
 as calculated using a binomial option-pricing
model.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock options on the
date of grants are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercise factor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.9 times&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.2 times&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.0 times&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount for post-vesting
restrictions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s historical realized volatility. The
risk-free interest rate represents the implied yields available
from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve over the contractual
term of the option when using the binomial model. Expected dividend
yield is 0% because the Company has not paid dividends in the past
and currently has no known intention to do so in the future.
Exercise factor and discount for post-vesting restrictions are
based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s historical
experience.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

stock awards is based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s traded stock price on
the date of the grants. Fair value of investment shares is
calculated using the binomial option-pricing
model.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

straight-line attribution method in recognizing stock-based
compensation expense for awards that vest based on service
conditions. For awards that vest subject to performance conditions
compensation expense is recognized ratably for each tranche of the
award over the performance period if it is probable that
performance conditions will be met.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;

 compensation
expense is recognized less estimated forfeitures. Because most of
the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity awards vest on January
1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;each year
 the
Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to
those awards
 net of actual forfeitures. For equity awards that do

 the estimated forfeiture rate used was 8.5%. The
forfeiture rate was based upon historical experience and the
Company periodically reviews this rate to ensure proper projection
of future forfeitures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

options vested during 2012
 2011 and 2010 was $2.0 million
 $1.8
million and $1.4 million
 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic
value of stock options exercised during 2012
 2011 and 2010 was
$20.9 million
 $11.6 million and $8.5 million
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;

outstanding as of December 29
 2012
 there were $13.7 million of
unrecognized compensation costs
 net of estimated forfeitures
related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements that are
expected to vest. Such costs are expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 2.6 years. The following table
summarizes the estimated future annual stock-based compensation
expense related to share-based arrangements existing as of December
29
 2012 that are expected to vest (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

 as of December
29
 2012
 there were $0.7 million of unrecognized compensation
costs associated with certain stock options with vesting
requirements based on the achievement of various performance
targets. Through December 29
 2012
 no compensation expense was
recognized for these performance-based stock options
 nor will any
be recognized until such time when the Company can estimate that it
is probable that performance targets will be met.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

Activity&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

summarizes vesting activities of shares issued under the investment
share program and restricted stock awards:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=77%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
Average&lt;br /&gt;
Fair&lt;br /&gt;
Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at December 31
2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;141
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;37.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;81.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(49
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;49.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at December 29
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;114
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;51.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

Program&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

 2012
 the
Board of Directors of the Company increased the aggregate
expenditure limit for the Company&amp;#x2019;s Stock Repurchase Program
by $25.0 million
 thereby increasing the limit from $275.0 million
to $300.0 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;


 2012
 the
Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 10.7
million shares of its Class A Common Stock for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $269.9 million as
follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
Purchase&lt;br /&gt;
Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Repurchased at December 26
2009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
669
795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;121
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2010 repurchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
101
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Repurchased at December 25
2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
771
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;189
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011 repurchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;760
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;62
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Repurchased at December 31
2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
531
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;251
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012 repurchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;165
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Repurchased at December 29
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
696
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;269
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table sets
forth the computation of basic net income per share using the
two-class method:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(53
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 25
&lt;br /&gt;
2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(52
weeks)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except
per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;59
467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;50
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allocation of net income
for basic:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class A Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;40
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unvested participating
shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;59
467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;50
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
shares for basic:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class A Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unvested participating
shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per share for
basic:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class A Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Class B Common
Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments
and Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s primary
financial instruments consisted of cash equivalents
 accounts
receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses at
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011. The Company
determines the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
(&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) Topic 820
 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#x201C;ASC 820&amp;#x201D;). The Company believes that
the carrying amount of its cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts
payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the
short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company is
not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit risks
arising from these financial assets and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
summarizes vesting activities of shares issued under the investment
share program and restricted stock awards:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=77%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
Average&lt;br /&gt;
Fair&lt;br /&gt;
Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at December 31
2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;141
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;37.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;81.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(49
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;49.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at December 29
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;114
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;51.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;H.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Line of
Credit&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company has a credit
facility in place that provides for a $50.0 million revolving line
of credit which has a term not scheduled to expire until
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2015. The Company may elect an interest rate for
borrowings under the credit facility based on either (i)&amp;#xA0;the
Alternative Prime Rate (3.25% at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012) or
(ii)&amp;#xA0;the applicable LIBOR rate (0.21% at December&amp;#xA0;29
2012) plus 0.45%. The Company incurs an annual commitment fee of
0.15% on the unused portion of the facility and is obligated to
meet certain financial covenants
 including the maintenance of
specified levels of tangible net worth and net income. The Company
was in compliance with all covenants as of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011. There were no borrowings outstanding
under the credit facility as of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and
December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;There are also certain
restrictive covenants set forth in the credit agreement. Pursuant
to the negative covenants
 the Company has agreed that it will not:
enter into any indebtedness or guarantees other than those
specified by the lender
 enter into any sale and leaseback
transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of significant assets
without the lender&amp;#x2019;s prior written consent
 make or maintain
any investments other than those permitted in the credit agreement
or enter into any transactions with affiliates outside of the
ordinary course of business. In addition
 the credit agreement
requires the Company to obtain prior written consent from the
lender on distributions on account of
 or in repurchase
 retirement
or purchase of its capital stock or other equity interests with the
exception of the following: (a)&amp;#xA0;distributions of capital stock
from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer
Corporation (a subsidiary of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
(b)&amp;#xA0;repurchase from former employees of non-vested investment
shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 issued under the Employee
Equity Incentive Plan
 and (c)&amp;#xA0;redemption of shares of
Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and
payment of cash dividends to its holders of common stock.
Borrowings under the credit facility may be used for working
capital
 capital expenditures and general corporate purposes of the
Company and its subsidiaries. In the event of a default that has
not been cured
 the credit facility would terminate and any unpaid
principal and accrued interest would become due and
payable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Note
Payable&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In June 2012
 the Company
entered into a grant facility with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
for $770
000. The purpose of the grant is to provide the Company
funds to support economic development through the repaving of a
parking lot and loading docks at its Pennsylvania Brewery. Under
the terms of the grant
 the Company was required to fund this
project through a note arrangement
 with the Commonwealth
reimbursing the Company for its debt service over a 10-year
period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;To fund the project
 the
Company entered into a term note arrangement with Bank of America
N.A. in June 2012. The note is for approximately $628
000 and has a
maturity date of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2021. The interest rate for the
note is fixed at an annual rate of 4.25%. Payments of $77
000 are
due annually beginning on December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 which amount will
be reimbursed to the Company by the Commonwealth. The note is
secured by interest in a CD held by the bank totaling approximately
$628
000 which is reduced each year based on principal payments on
the note; this amount is accounted for as restricted cash and is
included in other assets on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated
balance sheet.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company maintains
reserves against accounts receivable for doubtful accounts and
inventory for obsolete and slow-moving inventory. The Company also
maintains reserves against accounts receivable for distributor
promotional allowances. In addition
 the Company maintains a
reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in
accrued expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
Beginning&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Provision&lt;br /&gt;
(Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts&amp;#xA0;Charged&lt;br /&gt;
Against Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
End of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discount Accrual&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
(Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts Charged&lt;br /&gt;
Against Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
End of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;19
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(19
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(18
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(18
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory Obsolescence Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
(Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts Charged&lt;br /&gt;
Against Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
End of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stale Beer Reserve&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
Beginning of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Provision&lt;br /&gt;
(Recovery)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amounts Charged&lt;br /&gt;
Against Reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
End of&lt;br /&gt;
Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
643&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other
assets consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;strong&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income taxes
receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Grant receivable &amp;#x2013;
environmental remediation (see Note J)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and plant
equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;183
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;137
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Kegs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;46
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;43
847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Building and building
improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Office equipment and
furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold
improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;310
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;245
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;120
734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;101
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;189
948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;143
586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Q.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accumulated other
comprehensive loss represents amounts of unrecognized actuarial
losses related to the Company sponsored defined benefit pension
plan and post-retirement medical plan
 net of tax effect. Changes
in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent actuarial losses
or gains
 net of tax effect
 recognized as components of net
periodic benefit costs. The defined benefit plans liability
adjustments for periods ended 2012
 2011
 and 2010 were $45
000
$400
000
 and $79
000
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;K.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Product
Recall&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
April&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 the Company announced a voluntary product
recall of certain glass bottles of its Samuel Adams&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
products. The recall was a precautionary step and resulted from
routine quality control inspections at the Cincinnati Brewery
which detected glass inclusions in certain bottles of beer. The
bottles were from a single glass plant that supplied bottles to the
Company. The glass plant in question supplied approximately 25% of
the Company&amp;#x2019;s glass bottles during the first quarter of 2008.
The recall process was substantially completed during the fourth
quarter of 2008.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s reserves and excise tax credit due
upon the destruction of the returned beer and related activities
for the 2008 product recall (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes in&lt;br /&gt;
Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves&lt;br /&gt;
Used&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 29
&lt;br /&gt;
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Excise tax
credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Recall-related
costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory
reserves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=52%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 25
&lt;br /&gt;
2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes in&lt;br /&gt;
Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves&lt;br /&gt;
Used&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 31
&lt;br /&gt;
2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Excise tax
credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Recall-related
costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory
reserves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2009&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes in&lt;br /&gt;
Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves&lt;br /&gt;
Used&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reserves at&lt;br /&gt;
December 25
&lt;br /&gt;
2010&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Product returns&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Excise tax
credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Recall-related
costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory
reserves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
421&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


the Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;and its former glass bottle
supplier entered into an agreement to settle all claims regarding
the recall. The Company received a cash payment of $20.5 million
which was recorded as an offset to operating expenses
 and all
parties have released each other of any claims as they relate to
this matter. In addition
 the Company reversed approximately
$0.6&amp;#xA0;million in reserves against invoices due to the supplier
which was recorded as an offset to cost of goods sold.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Excise
Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company is responsible
for compliance with the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of
the U.S. Treasury Department (the &amp;#x201C;TTB&amp;#x201D;) regulations
which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The
Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB.
Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in
varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense
based upon units produced and on its understanding of the
applicable excise tax laws.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Refundable Deposits
on Kegs and Pallets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company distributes its
draft beer in kegs and packaged beer primarily in glass bottles and
such kegs and bottles are shipped on pallets to wholesalers. All
kegs and pallets are owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in
the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over
the estimated useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed
upon purchase. Upon shipment of beer to wholesalers
 the Company
collects a refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is
included in current liabilities in the Company&amp;#x2019;s balance
sheets. Upon return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the
deposit is refunded to the wholesaler.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company has experienced
some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will
occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs and
pallets handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous
nature of kegs and pallets owned by most brewers and the relatively
small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market
value. The Company believes that this is an industry-wide issue and
that the Company&amp;#x2019;s loss experience is not atypical. The
Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
 after
considering the forfeiture of related deposits
 has not been
material to the financial statements. In 2010
 the Company began
estimating the physical count of kegs and pallets held by certain
of its larger wholesalers and the forfeited deposits attributable
to lost kegs and pallets. The Company uses internal records
records maintained by wholesalers
 records maintained by other
third party vendors and historical information to estimate the
physical count of kegs and pallets held by wholesalers. These
estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and
equipment and current liabilities as of the date of the financial
statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits could
differ from these estimates. For the year ended December&amp;#xA0;29
2012
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated
depreciation by $287
000
 $1.1 million and $1.1 million
respectively. For the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 the
Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross
property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation
by $1.9 million
 $4.6 million and $4.6 million
 respectively. As of
December&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 the
Company&amp;#x2019;s balance sheet includes $14.2 million and $12.6
million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and pallets
and $9.8 million and $10.8 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment
net of accumulated depreciation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Financial instruments not
recorded at fair value in the consolidated financial statements are
summarized in the table below (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;29
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Bank Borrowings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Certain amounts in prior
periods have been reclassified in order to conform to current
presentation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation is computed
using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
lives of the underlying assets as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Kegs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and plant equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production agreement
whichever is shorter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or estimated
useful life of the asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Building and building improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of the
building
 whichever is shorter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Programs and
Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs
and customer incentives
 are a common practice in the alcohol
beverage industry. The Company incurs customer program costs to
promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing.
Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives
are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic
605-50
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&amp;#x2014;Customer Payments and
Incentives&lt;/i&gt;
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts
paid to customers totaled $28.1 million
 $26.5 million and $26.0
million in fiscal year 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

customer promotional discount programs with its various wholesalers
for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to wholesalers in
connection with these programs in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
were $19.5 million
 $18.8 million
 and $18.8 million
 respectively.
The reimbursements for discounts to wholesalers are recorded as
reductions to net revenue. The agreed-upon discount rates are
applied to certain wholesalers&amp;#x2019; sales to retailers
 based on
volume metrics
 in order to determine the total discounted amount.
The computation of the discount allowance requires that management
make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and
amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional
discounts owed and paid have historically been in line with
allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could
differ from the estimated allowance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

incentive arrangements primarily with its wholesalers based upon
performance of certain marketing and advertising activities by the
wholesalers. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
these activities promoting the Company&amp;#x2019;s products may
include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and merchandise
placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at
retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid
to customers primarily for customer incentives were $8.6 million
$7.7 million and $7.2 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively. Prior to 2012
 these customer incentives were
recorded in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. During
2012
 the Company began recording certain of these costs in the
total amount of $6.3 million as reductions to net revenue rather
than in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Costs
recognized as reduction to net revenues include
 but are not
limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain
other promotional activities. Costs typically recognized in
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale
materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local
markets. These costs are recorded as incurred
 generally when
invoices are received; however certain estimates are required at
period end. Estimates are based on historical and projected
experience for each type of program or customer and have
historically been in line with actual costs
incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;D.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Prepaid Expenses and
Other Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other
assets consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;strong&gt;(in
thousands)&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income taxes
receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Grant receivable &amp;#x2013;
environmental remediation (see Note J)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  

 or the remaining useful life of the building

  

 or the term of the production agreement

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      



    


    


    




        


        




    




        


        




    


    


    


    


























000 of expense related to a performance-based option to purchase 120






 the Company recorded $3.5 million of promotional expenses as contra revenue which had previously been included in Advertising












































  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2012-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2012-01-31
  xmlns:sam=http://www.bostonbeer.com/20121229
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2012-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2012-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2012-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.bostonbeer.com/20121229




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






    
    


    
    


    

 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $125 and $66 as of December 29
 2012 and December 31
 2011





    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

 Wheat



    
    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Capitalized
 Prepaid

    

 Capitalized
 Prepaid




 Capitalized
 Prepaid

    

 Capitalized
 Prepaid



    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    




    






    
    




    
    


    




    
    
    



 Employee Contribution

    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    

 Basic
 by Common Class



    
    
    


    

 Diluted
 by Common Class



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Continuing Operations



    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    






    




    




    
    


    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    

 Measurements



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Gross



    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    



 net of tax of $75 in 2012

    


    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    




    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment
 Gross



    




    




    
    
    


    

 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment



    
    


    




    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Basic
 by Common Class



    




    

 Diluted
 by Common Class



    




    
    


    

 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    




    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    






    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 All Equity Instruments
 Vested in Period

    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    
    



 a factor representing the value of the underlying stock as a multiple of the exercise price of the option which
 if achieved

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Options

    
    


    
    
    



 Options

    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Options

    
    



 Options

    
    


    
    
    




    






    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    

 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
346 in 2011 and $3

    


    

 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
346 in 2011 and $3



    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    




    
    
    
    



 Cumulative Shares Repurchased

    
    
    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g441934g56l64.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0R.4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A24T$```````$`````$```)````0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`

M`&P`-@`T`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````(%```!
M&P`````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````

M``%0``!0$```=8`&``!_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`2`!(``#_[@`.061O8F4`
M9(`````!_]L`A``,`@(0@,0D
$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,
M#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$
#`P
#!$1#`P
#`P
$0P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P

M@L0``$$`0,!`(%!P8(!0



A

D


!``(1




X8.QMYK<,=][AM%FT^D;655/_1^
MI]/WJ&!B=5=@U-ZME!V86C[1]EAE6[_@G.8W(V_VU<]2[_1'_.7J7?Z(_YP



7%MQW4VTUOJ+WS6YC2WZ;OS(VI*9MR\5

-]8?9(8TO;+H&YVP3[MJI'ZN=%!)IQ68[CWH_1\?R:






MU66MLW5^F!66M+++FV.8Q[MWM5UO5



\;K0[\


MV?S?YB9G[0VLDY&Z1N+HXC7^1]))3?NQ=M9-(LLL_-:;[&@_VMY2JQ!MBWU&
GMM_XW]*B7?;SZOHFT#78
M=(XK/M?]+]])3__V3A24T$(0``````50````$!````#P!!`&0`;P!B`&4`

`00!D`&\`8@!E```4`!H`&\`=`!O
M`',`:`!O`'``(``V`X`
`````$`.$))300&```````'``@``0`!`0#_[@`.
M061O8F4`9$`````!_]L`A``!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

MJ2(C-WBX
0HRUT$D)59W.)E10C/6V!I3-#65)K8G$0$``@(!!`(`@(`P``



M7#EE-7N37!RDDK_6''B=4K75@PIL-JCAM9T3KLUZMJ=U;#3H72JVY75F`4%T

V*V5K5
IO63RRO:

ME_A)W-62S1F3#.;@#*`F./$%.

PSCF\64QOK*P2EXF(MR81#AM.IW'DCH64N1*-EJB28<

@A'&Q38\%






ME9&]KY%.].


)Q
MHJ^#8YPZF=]W!('%Y25T^\L)#(W90'RES

@@K0U2A#%HRF0(

?FLG9^S@CWN+.
QT8!4*

-E*TK




R6&294A%&:S
MN.5+7%=4W($E
O-2G*HQ'2QNJ27



.))V*QM!U2W%R))FE)3





M[43I/OP3S0BL0V:\59*_33B_QOF
I=%+W)Y90M/R61O2T01+'=^?:]CKH[NB



MW

WYTW/:T;

MCIKE78CZUSR:4P^V'$'*@[@?ZH9FCR-
LRI$M&'O$*#
M4OC$&086,=28JE_L(8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`_]#O\8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8
M$2VQ0M(WPA:&RZZDKFV$$?5J%S$EL*&L$M*9U2TD9P








T(U0(.A#

P9QG3.Y1Z7KXC6T1CBQ_CSR
9SO'W!2T-*0X

+Y
2^

TC@VBJJV8&VLV=E@\9:VJF6]
U5.WH6E(G25XVHXFH@B5#$
?H9B@!0=#WOLU@N7U/QHH&BG!V=


I*E#@_K3ENA!WI08J


Z0#

M62]@FZ@QT\?6N_M:

C+98B9'6Y0SLAC`A`
M6$IN&W-2LY

M&RG'LA:A

G5)P`V4I7Z<3_%%K7:/Q
MA=O^N\+<I=-KN%+!
XFL@D17Q:Q5SXY3Z-.4?:W)@FBZ3$EIY$HE#
N3*&Y
M]$^$%!`KTI+

M-$2D*./V


!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@?_2[_&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P
M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P
M&`P&`P&!_]/O\8#`U?=4SFDOXI4)
4R]`B<6=B#5<

















M`





8F*65PA@?__4
M[_&`P

MI+_?XO\`\.N'63E9^O9?S*R8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8
M#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8%`^$O\`5+J2_P!_
MB_\`PZX=9.6I^O9?S*R8'__5[_&`P&`P&!0/A+_5+J2_W^+_`/#KAUDY:GZ]
ME_
K)@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@

XQ.`JI4TPLET:XT_
M2I2*0/:-U7MR7;9'$#BX!*-3




K2
M810/A+_5+J2_W^+_`/#KAUDY:GZ]E_
K)@?_T._Q@
!@
!@4#X2_U2ZDO]_B
M_P#PZX=9.6I^O9?S*R8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8'R+UZ%J1*W)T6I&UN0)S5:YP7J24:)$E
M(!LP]2K5*!ED)TY)8=B&

M1_BW%P3N(

$Q`4/8
M.XHWO6Q8


MLG+4_7LOYE9



ZEC'&6XVZO;


M?Z;Q9ZS'5PT@ZM/$]DL

#3JS$?XGW



R*/Q&2D
:8,7*K?7^J74E_O\7_`.'7
M#K)RL_7LOYE9
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@





AD?BU0JW*!

]Q-`#7BJ3_$4
M&B[1#&(6][WIRZI-P&`P&`P&`P&`P*!\)?ZI=27^_P`7_P'7#K)RU/U[+^9
M63`__]/O\8#`8#`8%`^$O]4NI+_?XO\`\.N'63EJ?KV7\RLF`P&`P&`P&`P&
M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!!/)^\$O&CCO='(%='5$N1TY7$I
ML-3&$CB6SJ7XF
-9[F8UD.AR-P*0&K`D=S1HB#=`WOMV'?\`IA8BYIU@O_NS






+*1DT_3L=F1(DYQ6]`

?33!%;T`S8]^(
P7I[_2\
MX8.9FU5AU_-[R7FZ#I8NY#WQ?-]^7]P\1Y?E37;%E2QAV$&Q[#W2T@`;`(6A

MDTC=/-Z%*UH/.+V]


M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@4#X2_U2ZDO]_B_P#PZX=9.6I^O9?S*R8'_]3O\8#`8#`8
M%`^$O]4NI+_?XO\`\.N'63EJ?KV7\RLF`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!J

/+OW\!N!_'BGN+'&'[P\3J1AUY)./U*`MEX6U#`-6(
M99Z6O(^*:CE4G\R'O3@_D2T:W:@PQ49O2@0]AW]N:<9F9F<X;*$R9.C3D)$A
M!*5(E)*3)4J8H!=
G(`$H@@@@H(2R222PZ$(=:$.M:UKLPC^V`P&`P&`P



QLC0WD#5+W1W=G
M$Y

=9M9




MDY:GZ]E_
K)@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@

L3F`6-K
M]?LA`G2E\CK0;!=TOP#BP0IL

M#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8%`^$O]4NI+_?XO_PZX=9.6I^O9?S*R8'_U]]G
7IVRJ$V


MV?ATH7EJVY$(US
$6


M#.9;1^P+6SMIY7\3Y3RD


*P`!#2DB8C.I8QQEN-NKVZNHXRJX%;\I

M:LQ(#N(G$=)I&I=61&H2)W

%LGD1)Z?G3U3-`.38'?



2=SH2B_Y












GB`'_1B$MF2%E-1*4`20!($.HW%\+S
M=(;_`

ML9&V6*6!7)4*
^/O+28%

C6JA'K4I*Q2$HT

!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@




!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@4#X2_U2ZDO]_B__#KAUDY:GZ]E_

M`F&`XE&`R-8U2W'2&_\`(=`/_&7F1_FCR#Q!Y=6R[*R8#`H'PE_JEU)?[_%_
M^'7#K)RU/U[+^963`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8%'+WYGHX?


M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!0/A+_5+J2_W^+_\.N'63EJ?KV7\RLF!

M
^75L%PA@

M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!P
HE


M8%`^$O\`5+J2_P!_B_\`PZX=9.6I^O9?S*R8'__3[_&`P&`P&!0/A+_5+J2_
MW^+_`/#KAUDY:GZ]E_
K)@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
#7)S;ZI_$S
2U])^5DHIQ)M+DS(F6WNH6J87=$SNJ*

MK_JV8A$`0@`$(``#H(0AUH(0A#KL$(==F@A#K79K6O]
K+VP&`P&`P&`P&
M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P*R\CN8_&SB

MS4QQ)I@J7JZ\C./;%Y=Y[O:FF;S9XWG+SK9\(;_-_D_;X_EWE;X3Y)X'=WW_

MB+T






M3'!!K^`L8-;&+^'MUO[
?@J/VA[:Y.\R%8MC;^FC;*$@`0A$&5\D.)C8N
.[
M1;&(A/%[8FR(230.[V#





MXO\`\.N'63EJ?KV7\RLF`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P('N?E%QQXZH@KK



M_5#I=^EM561%F-+$+D+4O

LKO:

9O@!!6+=+[5%X



O'G#JF


Y6F:[I:M@&2

M^

M8*9#'#I$Y*H?.KNKJ/J+`&O3M#:\+6N2'E;5+$ZT!)0]B*+=H!@Q5Y0-












DGCB<II)G)YM*2G%@4E




M`GOZG4TY

M.P[M



EE!$G-
4?R!#






2^](ULLHK?9W!ZT+8^W[0@[/M





5=FQY$XH0+V
M57+WN8[(

4\V%3Z%$U&[R%^AIY$YA9PNZJ&JI&PG(GO3,I,1'D*Q^*44+1@2C0F%
M`63XS'65F)!S5K)Z











M



0MZ4U/GTP[.]O\)^(-_;5&W-QFH^QG!8+8CGV2UK%5


BS`*3(E#K2HIP


$?P#2FB4(C-V+#':7-8Q%&[T'7;$-B`


MZY%\+EB8E.C-
\!



I008C([2P[V:5LC9
MQ\_X3S^&


MVR&$P[A4QM8N:'4%B




$M66G2MZ&MH;$1)DB
M?RP6]!+




M))&YXCCIM75FKJ%KATRV[M6Y






DTDDHH*U7^&3O87D*1.`8@%C3[5*.X#_P'MUK
M'X/]DV)+7ZA^T@&Z





M^5F)1C


V@AT/ESS]-'H.M#-%RR

5^7V

MWG9ZH`1``I.VXS=3XB@(!;UH8NT6M;WKMQ1[RXAJ_P!O;TOV)0-6QU-8S
K
M)$F


M)TX+]JWF?=+_`%'2W**SZ'4&P0QAM1^C%NVMHQ:97
6T\-3A:
@!)763E
[J




M@
!@

M2C`A&686
.PC+
`+6PC`


M3\I5;2[@7/FK8*R(4JH6A;):!KN57'2OY6K/)+)%L0TTN4#'W=;V;V^)WWY/






$8Q(%H0\9/Z\R\;K?J9R



1NI

4JI6RX

M@J_9VJ$



M!`@B

M#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`H'PE_JEU)?[_%_^'7#K
M)RU/U[+^963`_]'O\8#`8#`8%`^$O]4NI+_?XO\`\.N'63EJ?KV7\RLF`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!0/A+_5+J2_W^+_`/#KAUDY:GZ]E_
K)@?_TN_Q@
!@
M
!@4#X2_U2ZDO]_B_P#PZX=9.6I^O9?S*R8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#
M`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8%`^$


:=(L8X





I2'@V(&]=X!@@_9
M_K@K;G?J`



MK0K;G?J`







MP-?;H28XDS6]A
UDA9^.S9=E9
#_U._Q@


M181=N=C4'88F]6_-!:D#A9LO13B4B/4B/*-?D$!A%;)S$10@ZTC3:C%?-P-
MEZ[=;.89V]H]ZT&7X#`8#`8#`8#`8#`Q2P=AECU7S\[EJ1N%92];.(L(A2
M(@HI^7P&;ULH,6E!#O2Q-N,6X@T7OLUHX19G;V@UK89?@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@8A`8.PUK#8]!(P6I*8(PW@;&HM8I$L5`2@


#H]2/01'#[QF_MWK6!E^`P
M&`P&`P&`P&`P






S

!@
!@





MSPP=[NZK
]93%A#`8#`8#`8%)^?L@K..\?33[8BS]/XFOL&O&[=;M9PDT=L)
MV%(TRUKC-IGA8Y)H-.:4(O+I0#:%;X[0B.*TD7,@5%CKAJ)?8)$P5H_`-;
M5%JH7N@[_/X3MM15?8#A!J&Y=RBQGA_15U1&GJ-(E]=R&'END031!]7)6
(T










M#@*RW\F&L\4::$KX:
:R-ZIU=7`:%*V^`0S$IQIW$3=-TV5E__6[_&`P&`P
M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P
M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!_]?O\8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#
M`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#
M`8#`8#`8#`8#`8'_T.WEQDH(V+QMX^6#



VHGJU+





B1L;X55KNH--
6Z'
MWR@```8AZ[!&7QP=LXH2^O@V*\65R2JIL(F[U63TTW%S;Y6U\^1RQX^^'QUR

M8\


MRLC1)8Q'E:&
L%K9LX_3YR=V60).=5)O+7%%

M(XKXXX$-




ML3\G



M%V584L41QTE^T

B5MB[RP<I$J-)%2FV6U?QYA$_A%=26:\G6UVGD6L68-3HIYH\N4T<0
M




2B



\
7=
MY#P];)A3
13SGEV^AO-AKN3Q&3
&Q

M4L9FLK(@QC40YJD?*\^=E

MFX1=2LMXXW4]5RUIHYU`J\;[D:7IXI^5V-RIY.HHK9::/M1C^YD1]RB?*R8'
MMK@.DF+RD[N0V&J$I1HB@C$2:$`RL@RU+Q;DBHI#';TMA^6GR9=R$;+U`N

WQ]E6+CT&M;5$HTAQPP:+*&((R]AU'Q=+7Q
MUJ

\=1BY#Z4/;JP.J$]
M3I@FG)5







92F





))7$)35!`#


M1
M1

J;ES;%XO4;LL$G



MY1'6&9]


MC)


MA+XK;T.CE#5M$X`



M=EO
4[C[@OC].U4IC5UWI8Y_(BL;^NB9VQ+HA;3];JS4/_!J0U%`JT@S@L8[










M$QH&%I;W9

92U4&TN]ETASMCC?7;6

1K+5Y!NTSN[DH\%*E
MS$HK^;35K)?F:.B953(I*=R80R$LT&*).7I5J=*SIQ@`K+*4#)J2PV5\.)+




M;


M3;

F

MA;H8)7M267(HGNG8-R7CMPQNH=;MJ$'4S4+95=G0@FA*\G;#JTE$@31.1R



;CK



7!%H7$0]



M!SV%X\1:

M




MY=HP?EQP1AT!23Y1











B$]C4Z=8V)G11




:T[W



7#Z8;T];JC$^XV6

X5\B(2M-I3.;PX7
C9A/.$3A/=<:8Y.[AMZ

J5MS9Q[)@L?@#M2U@4C(X;
Y4^M*._B1,'9RZTBEX




M6PK5D(DLFA&D:X10$ZX%6,\G0%0^[4O
RJC.N$7(ZYY78$QGHZ=AK393-`
MVF64PV77?-U5Z\NL/Y(T7:[C
%BFQH;&HJB\^5_7SRU$
C7#6Q.A/5`*.6+B

TY!H[:;C'C5\C^^%:2:`%5$9%PPY-'
2KB#//OS1,+\FJ?\`$#Q^6/*G\+O+G[W??.WO=\+K7_/SK]S_/OW9[G\


$7%/_V3\_
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
The final allocation of the
purchase price is as follows (in thousands):

&#xA0;










Property
 plant and
equipment





















1
161















Total assets
acquired



1
900













Remaining purchase price
payment























1
700



















        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      






 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit
 current borrowing capacity

000
000
        
        
        


Line of credit
 expiration date

         2015
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Debt
 covenant compliance

 2012 and December 31
 2011.
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        


        

         2021
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Note
 Annual payments

000
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and describes facts and circumstances of any compliance failure.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable to banks
 excluding mortgage notes
 initially due beyond one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. This element is for unclassified presentations; for classified presentations there is a separate and distinct element.
              
 -Subparagraph Exhibit 4-8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

867

191


        

897

670


        

092

211


Inventory
 Gross
 Total

856

072


        

495)
        


        

361

072




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold or exchanged within the normal operating cycle.
              
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 are generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 and which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        

908
664


        

967


        

550)


        
        


        

965)


        

718
116


        

272


        

551
968


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

684


        

404


        

610




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

903

845

989


        

009

809

505


        

912

654

494


        
        
        
        


        

279
        

938


        
        
        
        


        

139
        

472


        

050

441

966




        
          

        
          
            

 State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        

026

710


        

095

598


        

069)
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

500
000)

000)

900
000)
        


Decrease in gross property
 plant and equipment
        
        

100
000)

600
000)
        


Decrease in property
 plant and equipment related accumulated depreciation
        
        

100
000)

600
000)
        


        

200
000

600
000

200
000

600
000
        


Keg equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation

800
000

800
000

800
000

800
000
        


Deferred Revenue
Current

109
000

316
000

109
000

316
000
        


        
        
        

300
000

100
000

100
000


        

500
000
        

300
000

400
000

100
000


        
        
        

306
000

261
000

737
000



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

100
000

500
000

000
000



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

600
000

700
000

200
000


        
        
        

500
000

800
000

800
000


Reduction in revenue related to advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
        
        

300
000
        
        






        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Deferred Revenue
Current

600
000
        

600
000
        
        






        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Deferred Revenue
Current
        

700
000
        

700
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

 from the beginning balance of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization (relating to property
 plant and equipment) to the ending balance.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including security deposits
 collateral for a current or future transactions
 initial payment of the cost of acquisition or for the right to enter into a contract or agreement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment additions minus disposals plus or minus transfers and other changes equals the increase or decrease in property
 plant and equipment for the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
The following table
summarizes the Company&#x2019;s changes to the carrying amount of
goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended December&#xA0;29
 2012 (in
thousands):

&#xA0;




















December&#xA0;31








December&#xA0;29

2012




Goodwill
 net



1
377



1
161



2
538








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001193125-13-067288-xbrl.zip

MM

M\=9?=77=NKKJ;W]_?9H
7J(LC]/DTP6^MX&43)*QW'R\.EBEJ,P'\7QQ2?

$-I
M

UOJ=(J+L0


(46001ZQ=
KK&^)N)_5N].




83]='-0?/
L(^'B:O=6#G5^L&4R<O$3YM/ZI\EK-0\GLJ7ZJQ]/L

M1#7GZNOOTW3TYV
Z&8
4\_]W%D_?!J





M%!!@=1FAK
5!3&T';B`QJ&!+$(T8\SER7!P@*GT/VX(1X3A#:J8;P!
FUJ5Q

L&#&


M
QK_$KXZ41+=Q].\.Y@.!V2V;2.'^R[`=)7AZ``1@D%^$
_BCBI#6@!08K)N
M$&P9?NM!O&


@'ET$\8PH1(SN)PA/#[;5(!Y=!O$
6@`KQ9GA

\R56PO(
84!^77RV+BW.WXER
M`GI*5Y
?M!.DI!W=%9]85/[<0DEFE6@?A?3(/VV*P
M7L8WM^D1JOA_7=JX#[$IS;0GR^\;S*YBFB5U*(/D<M-TK0:WE\P!A68]Y(S



8X%7];JR!7!KZ^I@M6C\9^
M\A)G:6).J(23G](\=P$=$!*1G&4N[
L@RO[KG1+-PSS\PVWPB4!MZ5W-4
M

'$2D($2Z'E8
+U-2R0+N(9C6J?$/L_SSVV@4Q2_AW23J





93':

I1$PVT[H%
MAJVS^37.1]$$GHG26??F,%6^ZRE?(4(<`QM!SE8^B@(J.1VXZ@LC2K:4M

MEJ?FYB-7^D0AI*_AZ#%.HNRM_W:S5;@_A*T+Y.T`*HG28(W$T\*%
`G&JX0Y
M+=+7/+Y.XLFGBRE


4F@J7!L5



(AL]1-MQ
\MZ($CDV





^M;D/PL$8







M^7CGK


M.$&6X#;S'&Y[MET:ZT7KIF8IG4T@OM=Z6!QFF1\C7*S$N:H\BW!IN+NK5F7+
)<]9HX:(?U)%A,.+8XQ9SJDS0E.*JJ
MR\[H9V4SN$B.\D1+U

NXA([
''I5_4OIO[


M(





I$U2ODJS_H9,4BJ9_VVH]D!
M^P0;,QWA9BO]UYK`V0'\WCDO9]KV@1SB60KW-2*K;B/&TJ8XG5VM@KKH+8
MO$FS+YE)D8Z3URZB;*-.VA;II6L@?^0IQ;N!;^-H=R;1#V@LV2V
ME+P$
M4YY4Q7@OA%K+P
NM9J9I_;R?1ZBUC%DUP=R%4#LT9V(/K'PC7^+L0FT[ZI
*

M4QWH


W$`A](OG6T.VEF*@Y_NR]^
#6+RP[`


MZ11^BL-)R:AO?PW);XK!-F&TQI`/9;EJX?J?T^GB^.#^U4G/0$B3.6
=J@
^




M1!TWO+OVF17
6.RFJ:B[K$/$);/EA\/<J$-1T:E'ZD/)<`F@5G&3


UD

P2@;7.13#%M.=M[5;5A8&

M41/P


L(Y





MI_*XV=O`;MJXYSNM
N(B+\SA8=)44F2/(CA68SIDI4=#;`J-7U'JU;/_Q
?K
FN
M5L*?PU%C38]_G[\9<&P.8&44KCRZ..7S+3GY0ILU_RZ`<%7N!N4I1'5448B


M.-LPL!5*U9EM$]G:H1I:WHZS6!!'LBI06]H.*5CKB@CW?/

MG]


MW/M5)`9EC--'&S8T`75)BX





J2?:92V8$_'


BUD;LJVB]AHF#=E_I702E@GZ3;_CW2?[7%&V&L29+@GT.9IXM0S[V
M_#N@[0.Q:TE3V$_[;\8\X_?S`8U!::B-G$X)2X`H*:0EEB66Q(G(O+54
;VN
M'I




MB?&39`KG^#N6$N('/3UMCOTF(0];-KU_^#@%(3!?OM]
XEPNG[__Z*1WQMEN

MBC'-=1N^8J]


R8

MUY;]F]8])[G2771P&H82P11O-3*]$25\4PXCRT)TS)1P*6QOE(A-%R56/F)C


M%UH]8LRM)4$*_\F:2Y9J8I]

+P1E33HC66VB'M2U??\Q6C[/Y
]6<,5D9?'4)TL^/L_R-G5L#B2E
M;'V6ME!?0QI+2[EKH\]]XE4*[R6Q%

MU'/=1+H'*[@U?8(-G=`*M-568



5;?O92$?I*E]`5YOB








M%+#5[_48^RO1
V:IP0.BE8




M1


M^)E$76^$/GKE=O+4-YVSA!YP^=1?WR*\`P!-!VF@OUH&

MZ12L+M?U%/).UI6]XKIBYG4[=$T7EO=[[$XZ&)\#;]L?$W5%2\5*88+,M3$
M=T$GMW:C06\PA=M3'FS/LZ6$L:99$B6:!;#ND4.K`HF8V*$BQ/EHS3;C%X(
M6E3(4V&&


E-@8XB



VE
M1T9*'K.$1D1XL.^EP2S0&&W^U,89ETK0:]EA

WBW_5K@NOPCH.QU.#-EWH


MFGE1BCOC+I655BFG58I7?ADC4@M'HLQJDG`:

M9_EBCN^:/'V$#[PO9B:LFVXWIXM9'@C#Z_G0*
`80?%F4%A1B$U
FQ6&ZB_*
M2L9`\3AKFQ1E5C)F$V-EFL2




J<K$FOG2[(AUR;X0PG#\26N<B$MU9?*6$\S9HP1Q&

M7IA4

FU[7':^+@/?L3%2I
M+T_P;+0NVT$=W#IY[83(
PQU=%ZVYV^OK=+'V?*O+

!_<Y2764<DQ&*2H4J=!=*)*F\
LC(8MN


MRJ6'!M[$?5(1PQO-J)&GX0IQ$ICP14GW.!L$TD]8B6/2,@B1#
(NUYGW@.
M/D


IKSX
MQ92%7BW:WXLM50.1_$7[$V9C-H^.L[D.@C%#;LF)095&Q:70=#25B
ZR+


L




M+7N:E)4.5

M`CS`%_


5M*5+(WBV(6RU!WB3N!UPDD?Q*<4U$+`SY5C

TV
_BR1?4X--*M*,L,E%ID4G)/.^1)Z6C
M&O?[&`T,NN_:HW_'&!D<KRW#@C`N-2\=QK4D[/N;#JR
4I&B(:7!U4?X*]1


=5R$QTH3$
ME[X



M\27Z_X



DY+7L7C])0


M\:G$7@TZRW7HXQ1V.NF./R;]O29\*_K&6(OM:*'+4]@*ZRX2E?=-'6-8@W
2


598_'?'$K




M'U#K!8ZCB%;&`5GV%
&)?

]X@2^!$$#D?


MFHI5JY3D5XQ/TIHDGL9FN3SNANICPGTNL+6(CUJ[Q
\3U!
F(JYT48H#3BS\



8B\#QS6$!1PB?^
8X@H*1X3Y

N.`!=X&\9IR1#HFK/-W`8#&H1'DF@I0(58-R!6!(P$
MUI



MM&)@G1G=:?R]Z6U)\[U44^J5DH;R3:CW@6!?@!^OJ&\P_A'$!IX/'B=W/!TR


-:LUUIZ_NV;%
M?9XFE0H

E-^




MUD`9
H[KDAVMRX$#G3(JC*[@8RSS1D=:!6!N2*0X(T)%`3%@SXF





MD/:KQ)OT8IY1L.-2\J9XTRA.WR=).4C[LGQL4/I?J8PNRYWP#8#[]B03:_C1

TB7ZT'ZX;($
OOMOK5G#I4HW4:[G:\^$Q`N-)GAE2UQF-6%6*H]SB*RLF(F
M5$M0QUO2?!#P]3TQ3#0.QKXC*][`X:JBHE/'!O'ACMV*;R`5U1F@FW7LW
&D
MUUW6V]^P;2#N9@CD]\.'#%_P^J[
8%R`ZTNXD,_S+@
M#3
)83D$4)(9'00+58QHJQ8N;)L@^\#^T*96OKJLL?2Z437H#U7_\AY
?U/.


V:JE;/'CB

M^7)I
?
UAH

M6_FJ)98)R`=$?(AQ`@B2B1




M:1VC?XW;HT.P.9U;0-DJ1L^6M+SFF^_#QI1?Q85B0AY^M+A07


M!`I9%)QU:]OAA+@/O?&_HQ'B[F0@O!M!Q\U8L18Z3FP$#II:81Q%:YK`8ZU*

.99SWU!!M


WPQ;(TGW_OQSQ?OW`^_




MU2(TOI\Y&&_#-Z=QKRF+KQ





M/2NLW5XZ6GM.=OWX&ZTO)16GML]E/VSQD7F5][S(^]&MJ[+#ZY;W]%=+VC(O

Q(5NSBW:

)VC?M;]C6B?

1&KD.4

M88+`%@@K
6XAWE=[G/=JCG_
3DTC:G=JFOJ=FN(PG9H_XF-_I$:NXVT5/




L
`.(F]238`J2/K[%P[

M^CBY&.E?_8_][N=-;_5`__H8QZ+5@Z-K^_UOI/G-!]T\JP0]-4?VHAUM+T



M^X

M;DX41\.+D*U7O\FZ-@#*E
C9`Z0#72']@5^;//[.$AR+FYY%_)+S\SC#^\*S















M


X_X
!`BHI-(W%
E`:C4

M`F0;;D`3CD


M!T![

$$API9
%\T&[?







/3%N


M;/?GER&9\^?



Q`&I3+
MTM_[DH?QVD(2D
^4@B6]]
'S@CW&JW`&





P*Z5:$_O5[.+?U8I^Q

FQ:^&NH6SBZ8:CC'39L\#7
MRQ!2C3+5G5S?%`L6!A
MR_DR4!3GBZHPC1PNRQ3J^/NV/BH8Q_?3]@EBAXF=P08.@&\IIFO?K-'(##
4[I$^8IOZ&@YY+M4!Z4K=J6-1@9`(AI`D@#<!+'

2-
M[QHB%3-*-Y
L_D&'`#Q?).31C=?N^3G

F@X)D947&PRQ1$4*FYY3,2RVR*.W

(









MJ*!E-Z]85#/PP$JQ2LI=FVJ-=BJ]?@]FB?3'FSYH;O`$9MS]SH-L&UZ20978



3W




Z+GOFMMZ@/N@\D22EY6?3<\Q1GY3G`064Y.!Y\H$&U

;
MG;$\+D8#G?
E
4OYI6Y'O(%^
5;(I44+(AS.BY!*Y'`S4?E/.I]YH7'D4QGR
M%GS;_!A6@ZC2:V3_;!%O4JRY?/
\@ZJ6LW=0U1GL'52U;GSC`+\^L=N2MA(S

\;X&DI[
$?PBN


`$LT






MD1W3561'M6P=R3GVAB=0.:D?IW+RXX





=X)*_\W\H
;%NTO;K/W[A8]:
MVO:R/GN?A
MCW?S]H]').LOG9^AZ3/D:HN%
`/='U]UG;L?(F[4NBS=Z0[1
M7Q/I9PX#FAVW




-G;:J:$NEGK<IT)9*M?1M



-[=.W7CZQPG'*<<CW*1



M9





97



MC[-IH_IM^XTHC[-IR?;EIC)G-V=W2Y1VAY&G/)B&TZV3J-.V7=7S(*2+72-)




M`52`0!19Q3\8V^2Q8


$3EXFTW[JPMR!Q2#4ZY3=_^;.SG!0$?E
TDAB7YZ2
MI$<T`A8\@4A'=P[0:#CX#I&@*3E%)`;]+A9.G,A+:.39N3C'=(\(C(XX(OV&
M\X`1@2RWT,D=J!^;K?I`=)4I9*LY%8*ERN5BAX.#(5H':#`BBS2B49W842%
MG;5\EXF:H.L9ZQ39%
:2E&O+)_+NN'0.![EXGB0\.4EWF
MAPC-PYQ+U9/_
MZ&!'O@^C9G(T'&3Y('Z(`$P]60%ZA(#X4YPZ!CQ^;L$?^H@L/_L\^N=X_?
M_/V_TEC\:MOK'XNXJT\T8FKZ_V66#ZL]
-P0
C?BV;L-PL9'1?TRVF9(%





MG52[`;&]R?9)E8#*/OVLJ;Z8SJ69.%7GDJB-QY8XT1:::
J+Z_E\.M
MR[S1


3Z9=PDW5JVIM=`U\=J8ZZ(F3TR0
MN[$LRE-=FEC&8C$U)R!\('MX]N5'WPEK_TA2BA<:^U_0!PM]/WQ`&Y#YI3&)
M*5B*8&TD*V8X9*:*73@NA;FRYT,R64+_+$[O6%^KK1<5YT^Z4QV(72%GXA.
MU1$C*D?9
3

PU'X\W\


MWJJ?QJ2E5.BB4(V


.7:

GNE@]VJUA;9U]C25



M)A!9G`Y=1*8=RV%6C]


69Y6Q9NGSZO+*W1R'(^!N2_4W_#
MZF
*K

M^-7#FL+B/\+0??!\G]7Q937$R;LOX=ISB*I+[\4O-
[H]3%PZ=(+O(2*OWCW
M









:R%:BBF+VO1Z

CK*1ALU38I?C^KQ^#WT'.(\^!P:_M



@.=G'@20@?W+7R_-T+;C+I;I30TP
UEEL:/3[QGN:247;19`UNQFR]2




$^Y$]`JLY8[`3UV`G+4\'`04)9+
&I


M0Z;Y8=O-XX




M;*`S+W;\
$[AL=I3WTY4?3)6%S-Q)BDJR+MEB5/%L$3SVI!U25GHB_'X2.K;

MQ#3]V
1V&(KYEB8/E`;#P9T=_0F];2M$8F[E/(G_749N=AAAS841J2[$7J]]
M..VR+
Q9$F5


M1](O4Q^)#UO;L
^H.?/
4


MF#91Y(HWX\WJ;]8@6/;E&XJ5-49P#
P$WZN]XC;J(#9RK`FZ6EO!IC=/SNI5


M\R7:L0NOW5NTFB_1GF_
D

MWAWKM%01PE8Q9*R&[^




-@&[$R^W1M@4K)AY@3]5/0$ZESS0+V.8`$N%X^YW\^8


MQTY.X;DY!
!]P+\#!1


2H23(.;1C/P54PZT

U[2`&8O.1=@YT
M:XXZ_5ZKWU9;';.K6AW-4#M]O:-:EJ4U^KW.L#,:G_0[?4Q`=UF.B(<0:XE

X

ZCO^HI3.(_

2SD%.*(#5.
*.:^2&S`
MT8FS+



C3$\WL4CAKN)
MEB?7%T.VML


M!+V+@M%!#U


(.




\M9:JK1/I/#AW
3
W\+N^


TF?URPP+O]







1QVUV^@










M/_!5\:5+?3().(-(3.PXA$#




!NM
M7LL6EULXK%-T^8`IQA%0*!='HP?
$L:!%:S_;NKB=UUXKM0

MDX^^#?1]I3\@48'LAO68SR9N]!5YE&6#NPKYPW9W.!PUVZK5;


M^B-Q

MI^Z7&YA9^

MNTQ.^U^J2D0S









M$5[#Z+8`9K@6#]*[_G3$@_DG?)ST\Z2[6'BNC:/B&40



@#\#'R%(/O
OE$?)
M'UW[KQAV!J@B'_V(^E

&K!Q

M;:.=*+QFZ#V:NHYE=O75Z9C.)DP\!5W+/.[UW!-'TAP_1BTY/.\9VY1-!`
M5I3KFEC;NM6RS*:IFFUCH%H-
/=.PQRI0V
T;)NMT:C5ZP'-S8L/VI79:N7D
M/IV
%;PQ'MB

M8EU[6


MO$G8
Q0'F6





UL&TY

M`W

M6$F-03-T2)\4U&:?JN&U0.V*%@SX7KHUH5S5K&!@%@)P($WCJG_PEXHI[;

?-(UZ'SD/3`LAE?II
IY%/D
M*
)+=



MR2M:4%PK3`.W_7#G\1S7VA0K+JX1-3
6N&##ZM,T!%GW

M

MB4&SQ`I$BI&2HX)BAPM0\(]GGP4V51T6_@B8-\/E]X=Y)%TU8F1!WW_3?=+
M+[EQK=M7I\4G;[(HK2VLM%=2RO8J'H/.^EGT'2Y2D-IV=(-%YTO^'DD%%=+
M7N1RD2B7`WW@;




CBF?4KD-7+,8-$`L8HED@^9O#Q<+2[G
M3S!%O%#&O96R

M7AC@]LR&%*I\7;$X[0K%P



26H<NUI[_$4/P
M0^ZLO%($#QB*$;-H.Z(6WAE&TAR&Y:1'R#HFCQ!D!DB


'
/5:X03FO5EU

MU6

(_!1L0DTCQD
MCE$

[3$3&CTP/N=^OBR*M\'[Y\F.@J^N@BXXW/T

MP


*3@5



MF2-




M]7NO=I32O-D[DQS/J^E=\A


M]3-;MFA0[


$&W4YR
M%\6IB`'60APF?U*X[B0:910PC''P89(2UPGAWY`/YB$@XB=ZI]N9!_$D0AC!






M\HL0QHRQ'H

M_7!&D%7BP




TI97)A5KN/]


MGRQ:DFR*`UV5/
523=

M/

MB3-]'
RC)$P%'T


MB[8L#T2WKUONT+!=6])WFMG[2W.RG!@IX[%.LOM[/X92R3/$M7=XSURDMAGY

<7-VB0+?_
G7?[RYEUXNSV[H


M]3.








Q(8^565Q32?SWQ%+]\T/WV$I]M9A


'.Z!
QO347MQ6S%D:`&WR*I^


L].*ZUF2QAD^3`BS

MB]9`-T7#]$QE8)BNX0Q_Z%#9#^WB2K-5W2@IU8%D41V!/&`ANUZED)5(:@N
MT^+5_S-X2%VW84-O&XDJ)JMN*!OLC
0+:6OB))BN\.!-_!4TVXDC.N?R!@X

UT54(\CK3A;(PB@W&U$8P5(R(MLE]`83A59

MZ(Z#;0I
(W5/G



4CJ/H@Y-W7^
UCC






7?[GT&24!YO



'%+!1]%2S0P!AI5;ZX4G2HMA(C
MO4NG5EP#.0$+SMC!#`26B=\#AV^9`2D'1/4URY+WJN;(E:7Y-$1S6'(`9E
Z?GBH]HNB6QE1RD&W0$O`
M@1'].%?M\%L%`9)[;'^CFI(VD!31

MX1B+3P
E8$D[HP2


;U$9'^^?'&DDEO_R('0`)
*QSLYL3+&UC-N_
M@2'LLGIQ)1JR4@UA?UOWME%^;XE31I+U,%WLAP#<[GN:YEBF:'EF7]3,OB6Z
M0QNDX7G#P4!35=48-($`G#*%4#APY80V15%$+!B;916A?!<L<%M`LG4*%L9G
M7Z*9.+R?3Z-%$`B#,`XP84JW0V71$A(OREX&%


L_5M=-KY-S7M5)C*S3
D2#]2M6^(#GVE\WLZ`;ID
PZJ5^=:;(\7$
J[


M!RAV8NY(?GA[IC;CLZ+IL'$Y.F'TV3@DE-.]-3@-*G;8$*C7%5LQ8Z^(4-W=
A;<?H<&-T1G(X
1PX/T&A




M!TZS











MB6['92\N?Q[\\I

/[;



?Z9W


M'K6E:

M(UTFU7SWWC$
U=I%L2U
=MPM%$7X/?CF3W[Z$Y$)7)&7=A`[#)UJ.KIB;OM3






ML+QH61JA6_:L%='?OAR2DZLJXDB.I


MO6W8;N9GE!/#=Y


M=?:]KJMM]KIZQE[ODUTY.'!
]@
GR]
DOB
_[9/\W/SUW!W:]9#2RF
*T#+)
MPJHJ5T26V$:6#&`K9];.8-\%HG\WC#/`9B?J*)+;\)VKVE7IEW^'
B#=HAC-
M:9D

+E/T.V\LQ4\H#0/
MLS^`](R318)?&3



MMJK1

M@0:Y\UYZM*KUHY)8(

**JDC'6LYBZ


MSYV2#AULFEVJ$FP$(



MR07II%@%`O'$7.)[?3P[J)!'I9R7E9


3#U?GG]G+0GW#
M`?D8_-X4X4^(
R)C$F;XIZR(\&OQLX-PCIM4?L\MRG_AUY?Z@DGRLU)6P;?C
MF8S6RC%[/^4`&/0)5*\%PT+ER84%1AK/ROQP&&.5$2BE=&B/34!C%RTK2!

M'5*TFVIC*8P?DN@!_R


!D1&M'SQI5A
A'P[H_*'7_D^1AEE0:45L:P#A:;2D\FCX-63
I.@A

MYNCI


MIK54&*V$EO#W_B36**823^$ZEWEEY$BO[GX[N95V;!Q@$$^85T\=E$
.Q[9;

M)9/X3+M$XK/1KKC9:%=




M71
BIT_O:44%%N0N
M<B1<]$ZYF@(WX:+SE1EH.\!(O6SOQT


!W^H]K6Z
M^IDF\/RA6M?Z^C=A+





XPO:6.6F$H8\

MXU)[L:JKE30'E








MFA4I28

M*



M`%6`VHN)_XS_5G/0RBN/H/$003011!.O%4&T4X-HVREQ(H@F@F@BB'9^9$00
M30311!!-7';QEXD@6F_VTE`%CL)
ENCBX13Q'@$J'Z`V./$9!]$.!;RVHVB


2#7#+
$

%=G5K:GL:-I$TRS#U28D5]-^
Z^KV]UZ1$NVVS[]/4,9'O6_1RA&
M\S#WTF2QGZ)V#:)+Z(?I)&H3%-W1M=%H.I5UJ*HRU#0-XS$Q9<4=C3RH&YYB
M:^58MVP';J'RIC8RXBRN&Z-B45+YDOZ9Y2CX*R&$J=@N/7[U<Q8&9(DM6QW-
M)V!&P\H:^S*T+7&

7'M_]0COR/




M5S;&CB5C+Q7*HZFMR)[GF2/5@9YA3[L2G*5@X'L)&B19F5*.5(IJFQ-ZYY]$
MJC&

3#HLAG;!05554=A'50WKY*CJX3N8_%J\MO'7\E0<8#:5Z)T0XZ.J
MCB/=E+9J.`:L;05M^OV\)3YW1147ZG11M*GTF(W@A-/0[*I#/LZLP[]Y5H_
MKP&6G5X!IJM/`1-U/V*$

:S6$P30.*UE'E'0[15(&U3XU

.[?J5#/ML[NHN

T]1Z


M4!21#V@`6Z`43`4P:_71:80$&@T

[GE7
%@



M._:8H*846&3%$5^CG?+)+SPX_K;-3T`6?W1Q_][/

M!%

MARUBH#;D






MX


M.W77[^P2H)D=%;YK%06='9ER'XYO^#A1%R@T[CHC-E:ZU&,?MI3%0+3;(9Z
MGRL8-.!H[=-=MQW^
N/BFH[Z).C




M$*:?-Z
G4&C8C7^[H?^


3I[/C-XU4\]ZC4;D([O?+`\FQ9-PFCC.`=$9F$:




LK=%R)^:#&;H%7#CM'?VYL944XTRF#G37R:.-NE*
&




GX80SZZ)(H6H]=;]PB6;
M\:Z$$BPN!&@E`R`YVX2C)@`0EHEMR@FOBK@3@@LH]'Z]51GEDELO\0[D



%(WS4$BR782VCZ0SPHFS

)V@:WH-R
;OY
M@^6`#I*=6Z)L6)X2&'L)Y_O


?]!%)?TLFG


MIM%V1N:@HSI=&ZNFT375GMW15
W0NWAH.\/1$(_AO]8IY-&&VZJ!5TUZ044W

M1B*:V7SZX+(XLZ^NZ!#DI9!/.L]EWP



YQ]!:OYJ-]67U=S^]A/\L/9C
M:
W.CRGV3397LKB3D\NEL1




M*(GI@&;_G@5%O!#2(!=R@'27=/*I14-_?#$TL.VH\(=UK*E_:!HVQE?7@[%A
(SUUBG6](X#(K%J^<Y6
M;#:XGT81/+E*2$*[@?<Y=(E_31Z&#W,:Q+1'`SIAR2$;/L=01?CGMKO6HYJ
.4WP)R?/7






U8HQGTZ^

M^S
0N4ZOOITY)S&8AAA\BF;CWZRYL5!GKGLL3L!
0/





M-FCD6R^]-4$_W!3H\!/(HS




A).W




QJKK*N89PVHJYI_/2
MWB.:V%;L3D6CHG6$TU+TJNYP4D



MV5]#]??AV6^_7W]`G?G#
C0HVJ/Q&_\]&US_#EZ0]O/R89&EON$9K3=Q68GU



MV1WD2)!+XBF:DX7(!$K_20?!;#9FS/=9&*#[*7.GZ)[$/`WO8T@3(Q+`JQ.H

M)$PC$-[=.K`2/Q#18XP*`?6H&U$24U`.+OXH(0_-AL_(#?-9PJ!\+JZ0.DY]


M0!M@P$DB4AR5G5OX*0$AA5LL3&-_@6XH#?BG1#_UQ+C3;'2].QHE+(;**1MY





Q1/K
MNC

MH?8LNZN:W:&E=@W#4K'1'CJ:!1E;G;&C:9TQ!@.AZ7;KU&[#CQ54I35[$TW(

P

^9R_&)^G;@Q`1\W_TMY6!_*`_M
;NDEG1$6
MP/V^

'$?AGLXZYA`C
Q*+/E
M4+W

MXR067N6$QG'F5L8TNF
NY#&A_.6HF)ZE23;Y6N4SHZ!NX!1'Y(YFU1#QD@2

MS)SX@WH8+[1B8/W;'0U&U0TK5E3XL8
%=Y
P6@Q8[

U[OP<&@FMS4&DQ4_M@0J`E



MAL5L`


MS0H#


MK4#61/OQL3G8K

M4S\`&E@/F





K&9*!/S?E@
IL9`VVNC.61I8VTZ9P?
M?E!EE4%;K*X\Y^IJ?K==_T


M/E.U@2Y/S



ZUTYQW$

MQ#49@%

VR^[);(TQ.@425W)7QZ#T88-S


M#8

M0C;
J3Q0+



)2@^:


M$[RL)!MU_]591XO+MNCRXZ;CLNKN2SEVQ675E[D]1`PKAA7#-K+3:
:-_?X[
M433Y0F0.=B3?^66QS0]



M




M$D]9E11+5


N(-P*KJDM?64<P?AM1]+&2]

M)&O4TJAH%^$T);6M-YQT$$YU)




@


MI$K?R-X1D!%GW83^1R?KY[OKT)/\*'6O]OK,GJ$!@[_:.?%^Y7_/2/GY-H




1BKZDQ5+6.BSJS/RF?E
M[#=]I!DC\$6+U==
*]SS7F

S41!!0;7N!QBW]KA@HD./A
NP&I3



MV;/01X8)WZ#DC
?H$#&)X4TCF`:3/'P.V(1N


!
TESG9$;!HRK#7R`)D;8=?:%Q6
M$(SF&-%B
U\0Z



SJ?3P=2:JP/3
M


G^O1HVF%\

N*++5MH5]PLC1:-0('Y[:'BX
8'!
?](J##I?'A&63+A&-


@




M06:Q9Y[NO`W@TU^L

'T?$3L?J\472U-KIH1

M+



6/YS:Q:S:?RY*:BUE*K]Q:JM3LY!S+


M`!EY15






M[3_

M-QCLJN41A3VM*NQ19%'9(RI[7CQ1*I[OI%3'EFOLTC@1`M[@*#CHQT`[)_

H+T=K%SD_89C07H)O?)I$521#


M%X24/SRO[VKY`EZ2X;([[S!/C`EX+%4(


FD:;`429YWDLJ;FU$`WX-T=*V4D\=5Y\7?M8=D:Y]2
MD`G/T

M\ZWL%A^2T.[@J2-\JH1G*]='#I;0LUC*A]52RJ2;@`\51E!9KLH^6T]C3#;#
M9TX8UJ4S`?TCF4#FO\*

JQ4$)9%VS2):@\^C/*$C4[H/*/WW(
;=5J(/E_=2.ETV
M%P2G*GP$09C!DOZ0Z%*+9XSC8!I0@@.=V$I@/\KU4V9!2+E#I?PLJ%FDW7W\
81Q@5


E*\@



M:
[Q[S$]X332TS*KPLCSGMWM?%1QG9PF=P(K[30Z!525(FPFI;:BN:U+-M





6M4:=94TCJ/T:*V]*Q;^/L'D%FCZ=
M,\%X-8%?93)5VBD!\A!/ZB]-GTJA)RBOM&!IY,R,N^EDKXX9L!_L?QX7K]Z/
MBSL-KZD



MN*ZO^@-_J%IF!U9T8%BJ#:O9=_R!/NAI_.3!]4P29^5D-\^B/N/!CQ'+LH5C


M\3
P''Y1$0.


M]A
P

WF77]<J4[M;IR7O77(1P


MC2IPC




M31.`!]YO'1YI3LEQ9%
U5&BHL)O


TWJSLO.&R(J^
M#ME$&?Q@HSFJK-.3SY-).$+D\AB[!-DK4I#7;HWM*B3WA-WY]`K)':=!+V1;
MKWY:7C;O2LO$869/@(B[0]`H;-SF+^IAW4;7%VJ)9LG7T:+J9@&[X[L`?#

M]$?4)FG

XY3
1:SW;,VE,ZLKHQQ
M'EX9L_Z.G7S]EE[[B`QYOCFKX:X-%O9#HI6K'[G]PP^WM*$K^EP$.7U5U)0L
MBPM3;VW0WSNM1KFG\F4'2]=PPTK^Z*U0-90_Z#W(JCN^B6[*:%[])H=6<Z8
MM.NI&=#FV





MDW=6;KQ-Q&V/?H^%T[AEQ3;S\XBQLG4*]/P.4^=(:KXC91+]022;#LYE=!





LQ*B@B$7P3171H19<[&<V[-%

0K*:S#T
M4+6%
)PQ^D

E5*\[6U)<40B'VOR`Q836
M2$C;H19DESXWK71]RTHPP



M^V[I?C(S4?^)UZ
C%I$S65ID.+\PGXO

ML=3ZA5.L74M


ME?J


G+7K*P(UQDO/CPAS]

DI7H


F7

(CP#1V/Q665!9?@D^LO6BU<T!B!OGR^4YA0'3
M6N4U5=EC

55KNN?C*U9T?IT0A@#*D5X9Y*)

6H$J6!\@4[)&48


)L60F:\:-,G!Z%M4JK/KKCB3`RYD2`
M&[SG&Z^D!8V8<4*CTJIQ^6%Q(B[//*\?50DJH92ID&K#X5*Y\M5CI;+?G0A*
M<H\1O(C;_+HESU?!(?R!M2.W)=N`7D2S!U*');HF4I9*_/9++IK(?<@&Z(`
MS!:



M+EE

^Q'3ID(JVA2?0&/CJZ3
KPQY8@.
/F*DG0Y9+L#]O\




M3\DXO@\


E\HR1S@=\J.EJ8(YL
)6
M*:TZ


U\_)T7URLLD5VDTY3G
M;#+?022OC--@(E(AP$+^+DG.8]WH
.(O94X@QJ.NH@`#)+[(I&LG,U'U^6]
MQ2_H35^'LQD/L\[X*E(T`OF&(:N
-3D1U'UQ?PJO%D@$]Y5W=$VL04/P*=L


.2RD,2^^??URMW@KR@6';
2V#1))RR4!);0







%(/LFQ/1%(/0:8/KIR7K$]
)0V+0T8&BLIIL8TP9
]9J1-DZ8
M

TA
E.+?'29



MBAMP:[F[$T2J6



M?;3RA5B
0R





AH_G
MDN6WF*2.[[M



$XEY(A,M(;Z4X
M*`Y*G(:%8\$W\M2&3&CBI!35M3*\C+13%2X/GE?K3$%ZLG3#\N=/@+S8O!C

M=&'S!'.IH@GJY*EVNL[3#P*4JX-/YXK0:$+RX6*L*K\E%D7




ZX:``


9W$X@^Y*[KJ&)&@E-Y]Y\E$5.6Q17W*7O0J+@KC5V`D$
7SH01QQ=^)


M
MS]KLA_F3:+?'H34M873Y40\0H)QL5E
CVNCME2@+D4ZVM`K2&9PEST)C*
M`\*8)SM)\`=Q6L/-#0%0R2%+DJB%1+A$?#X4)EA(I/#2H23J1ZTR3U5SFT1

8^[I5QU?PGK)''Q*OE^?'+#WD'G`MS#2VA[+`3%&B`!3Y!&8XO
M+
[JL17BJBY@6E:LCC&L3TZP6BWBNL)5$1#G-K^NL_HJ:SEK&X!2=9#KL8









4Z41&'A7)

6U:PR16!)



M08QE9
\51V(EJB=%;





M`)FQX


M9?XB#Q:+8]2

M
O$+


`**:!


2Y;`.$_F$&EW_CR\1M$'^
%8=47H/*:R`XZI!=^VWCRU?E

+[&5P.A@C

M`H($AY[=5S4QBSX^5.6370.+JUSP!51=LC'BH;BZU^+##V4:KB1`!23!_$4A



?Q6])J*3#5$


M*

TF5KU667PK=4E]
E7I4SS&-^-FS&!7BD*W:G?1<0'P(_7-G&<;4-1/%J=P22`Z8DAH
M\=M$'1$0*_^^#C6

M
ZIR^)2TZ395

MAGEO.5



M0(+BX&AQ`@/EHDVA%5L)PDMQFM)R+@0EC=%V_&TILIJ6%F80;+_?/`AXKB
MPR`6/8DYV$V!$GTV$2]?0


MWBBQ_@SF.G[ZRY_GF7H5!+.?STOHJ%*(?


\9-CB@L?T+EA2NAQ_\I8%IC'




]_]:AJFIFDEF78ZY3HUP2WE7NG')
O\

M6




E86(

8%LY^I00$TK2+CCQ

MH
9YGLK\
@O'84(7LO@[(M''XC'0^%C%E]1QRIQ(;1/.GD1:2^+$/?Y-=I
M

M?=Y%LF1U'O4;P!V@(
0%6\9EK]V%@ZPYHO$5.#V?
3LN'2L]//`IR-RNW5DY



Z`

U']..434#YBS/ZX
MIB&P$TL$):P\+_E


$A`6:R1Z

I+%``

OO

T.UU_5]Q[+,GC\</FA+
M[R?EYU^H13!4!S93+K$<P&[5N3H;
K/*;*DI$-+&3C\``F[9U`J:?;SPR7!
.%/3:NL/Y0\E3F[3


@GT-L^_J)
4*$50LC.HU
MP(EXG5)
;WO-QMO9QFN;6D/
G1'3L0^:F`M2['@L


LL]
WAG#[FTV$_G1(B=\BD;@E'N#_$'AV):
M!AK:8M#;Y4(_3[E_

GC-
X46XX




M:`E`?@+01=


(A.D(P_

M9M

C_0(4/G@UNU(/%=

5E-.%JG15V7RG!
M60A0M6R%QS$P8;&Q-CUE9$%C[=BLP.PO8[D$@DH
QT%.




0!1%GG5C5?
H*@QB6O])=?


!Y@_0

1W9[P$1Q%:+$K]P0QZM'`0G-'`@3S!C`$.X[@
MJ&0@MJH7L`]T8-15$[5N^IQ=GL+#D?C41]=(V;\$

M


\;I8S%&I6ABHN


MH?K0ZF:I#E6OOQ!&:A+Q%E]6XZAU0U4



M%:B47R\T;


52/Q



!RC9U6FS8R


]DBK/<%17*KZ&
76]U-*_E.-9#


O@Q0PR&URE:R@
A3T
MG&'KMMVPU


M(^N=((HEWSABPV2^NT#'?%Y!KE^JB7FT[;W=FYV?%R5;O)7]H=2W5:EM:8



30X



MGV@+$282AV1CLM\XA_0.LZ+Q`6]Y


?N!6.0@.^A+1



M;
$UK-+6`00^

M$P95;+M5F]:H;=JR

M4=
IOB

EGC\PKH@BKML

3EQ4
#;8O5HSZ[



+'U-P^`^N@A1[K-*$FS1%O$0NF0]4*VVA`O?E4

MV-+<`]U2SUF`T.I8!RJFGU6\:MK.$F\?;^-E\T(:?/E\?G9Q]OG3SSR.=OQ
M%Z4(C[0]]N

M[(R8CQO!





*H=&2?AA#O_.
MYE
YI)L$39X(^\SCL7*(*5!8&(5%IS`


M

MV5#RU=ACLI^W
@D0


MA2P:9R6TYND)`9;C)7^TS^&9\*9LGMXI_V5IHH(T1W!.NDD9S=.;DSW*B1

PS5D/U

`TUAXI&\0_D.?!P3?6*9.S9.EPI$#KG^3QE
M;8)9K9JQE(R7J?4E*I.PP2&AZTIQ^U


MQ6+J'Z7E(%`**AT5L_:5((=UNYS3IIFR_#JAZB7$$KZ*.7S^_0#;!(3/EYLG
MTJ&(*E9=X(83PC)/BL




9U_
M*CQ'$-ODV2RV

\



M2_





+EZ7BZF^=3#\B-K


.39B:]VESBMSNY.



]$D

5N7+(^$P'B&R!!OS@V]9


MC.;3.:\3%E6@6-U


E;CN:59S\+EC571
M6!6-5;$Z5/'*,V2UEM-Q6J[95&CNS#IQ.JW.\XT'HO<?A-ILJ^(#C4V6\RZ
M_?
XO
%/?_GS/%.O@F#V
_9LC!)L_/!YTJN`'WE2.D]A#VB5!?M_\2W!&.



?Q$


M^U&4C(K051FTHO@6#V5MCDP]ZW%

M^5ICN3V.G';+:
BY
<YL!JWE
MV2OJ=-X8&738\.[SY.(=NWSAVS_/@O2/!R%LXW*,I*+(M7)PMLZT`KS9^1
M!B6&EO7@^'=#C#<2#CN.U-2&@T5'F-N[UYD':'KTYQ0-2=4ATO.9SRA.O`3


2OO`_Z\U%HG77`SS_B
ME(V2JQ@DS?@B^-%E

M5



MZU&072OL/_

DW!/6)JPCH!51Z%4S=3]
@OJ(-
MT[U;0E/W;V&##N!Q^5V%\O2NB^L@_CS#1V3#))VP$
3B60QF6IB
=T!3GIE7


PY9


Q2TI(AI8CBBHJT4#`&DJLTF)(82XLU@'$BI0/DA:Q!




HPIY4*;M)HAL\L(Z`



LZ76UF'
24RDF
=SG/LL265'
9YK)RB#20-AIB27L..#G%;I]&3*


M


0;X5?Y09L3.PARD'



M2?H7;P92;'HU2FQ*7;XII0'EA)

MN4XB&#]?4OX.6M'VZ4EW&[
$;9M+4-&HH-'4`K7XG?2-X(]6P2B4=0WW8GHX

)Q@H8S8)YE'.92^L

MX[=?




MJP)R1I%D7%H!RE1DG,]G@1DI8YA5V+QFV$ZJB5;LK`^KMK*W_@-N4U$\C-
M66W0=4


TKA/B!KLJ`*)2@C35IUL;3`

3SD
M2N()





M0*9ADGY%=4ZUG)-^
K_







MC[)JCC[TOS1QQ7OI,=BE?&4COA2!IXO#T1G.9YX7#(\RG\M8KO='JRB/OP
MB!##0TN)ZTDM+U\3O+KDUSZ:DM_FM3M[[2
*G)]8'NO+34^;6-HI$J!F!P7%
M?'S55Y?[;T-ZV3[JBQ=R
O=3;]SE89UR;@%E\)0UQ5T9@LO62SFYC;+?FE_
M_,NYG_)ZEI?S**SY^O)\^,HPQ2]^]/1+='Q+HP_Y0*IF$L/;-JKI;I^8?Q\


M/0KF


9LE





M$00:7C;#Q7SY




\@:2

MZE9?M08=1_7=H:9:7:/G@

MR5-0;?;CB6LI2*
P01LEP
-+I

M_O1NVZTH;O'6WK&3KU_DM:_IC/EPTP[Z;
2FERPM)V-T6C2%RV(RU9F520@[
)O$5^0)A?'JRD
E2
M_OK2WKH`:=%(VFCV7.\08D7/MJP[*,##&B6=_OE]9RCJWT[Z/TLWB43)F2
M!S]8=GJ2@GD0WI!C_3J%TZ%$7QSKC1S`ONEU=H\1H/S(K*K?T@!N*P67(N8)
MSH8)HV'Q30@&ZA2
X2RZ9L'%(X4/F0
:9\2G*F_'U%3G8C[78H[4QSQ4GK
FL&B,55\I
MCKG*4ZZ-[?-^JX;WOVW+HA&$?FFL[KEL/<*CGB8+-O?VU9<W-#MZ71[FD]Q

ME'M42MJ#$LE69Z(E
Y;F=U^B`*Z/QX/_S

9AKCJ26R[RD'KF59'[_5L53?[
MMFH--4OUS*&N]KMNU[5UQ^UIQB'DH'&BM)09D@53T$Y/F*1

M

9U
M$



M?7S0]


MZ?BV.K#\'CRGZZ]OG[_TDQ=TWZJHCU3KV\PRIK.2

MOBP$TC9BF
:UA\%4V$3YS%M'U#A%02;9=KP;.?L9BY*KDQ+]
$:U244P*27%
MH$F&)YI*

Z
M`KB





3Z/)
ER-B
1

88O&
!6E


M
/0
=CX($?XPCO*17\
H@`:S*$2!+V[B.I$;$
`.G`K5V^U_YFSC(`B[N#

L1\JE.6A%
MF!;R9_OTI+(4\*(1GIW@DF3SRRR'08%NC.Y(U44
:59]8C)/\^O3D\5G;M0P

%55=
MJXG%

M)YR55T=)X8B'J^3:P`J'?7WUH&-T0SR7UUBOV1L7%#K$=LU3W!5:T7FJAO


MK2]*Z=U8#T\:6K




Y51ZF0\E=
M:U*YRAMV
//K._CP-XZMEB2T_\+D\]ZCR:Z9D;)0`
MK?\S#]*<I4HR41TL'5Z@C_VDNDLB._6CUMY_



X+6G)S.@



MSC?MG1*.__HN''^S.AW3U;]I7L^UK8&E=HSA0+5Z'4WU/*.K6HYFZ-:P9W8M

M@W].@S%HF88`Y
R#?_'^USV/GP%3#2G=)GN!MIIW_`7\M(=.^7BXMN^;'_
MRY]0C

9
_I




ENWT!);O'^PJ

*=?`L;CF5!!-S?!DD%

MKGQ)%

+$%L69MF`.(3!%=;AB
M\P
]:-_/YNGH&L1`6_D#/R(EI.5$1*W3H6:B8&I/A'.#!^


:(%
#J)2`3LK0Q(L





M0;4'HN0[RU''1G-6UZR7#$SH&TD^



LE15HS0$`
M3C8.W`#SG[!0

M*A
!G(U$I`1L./D&

M(Q9_%YP6['*DAN
.30])7/N*
]N:Q$
IQN!$
8AS#L5)FDR10?G97*#QXX


U@X$FU;3MG4
M6SSRPUGHL5-6:
;`@H^9LE*=

M+L[4H=L2X@-%ECI&K[7K;:QLY&VP&QN&J(+1Z)66;C)%[:K^!$X=
Z;6_A


M+GN'+`_/C[*_OC
7G;ZN9YM#K]-5M7[/5BU?]]6NYNG@_AE.OV^;NNW[W.G3

D3D)W$\)QN!(
-F[ZI6K]NS',WN#7L/\J#W9$(7
M9%+DDYH\D@]CS(L5R9`+(4

M=?/:O;_V$3@U?


MF9Z(H?!9&B;IZ8E
*:$D:LPRP#-H


\]!IE-Q^I
?/.-!)



M;`




M1\PQNTZB
1:UI
D-3Y`XR$7^R
H2.6I@PS.

M#;%H*1SS
!-_U(@#[!\Z;WA55+QX:-30@KPG&WX1BM2PJEVI@-B$+I^;SH


%4[&




MUN*EH=+CJ6A$K&H+;SB;\'7#





M


2Y3



MYTDWR




M

MK&4

MP0-H2J:.9GD]9V=]$E^D:.KP.L]B?(Y#AE.@G84WY$:^3N'T!!6[0S;66XZU



M

MG79'?V*_E=T3CJ_F/%.O@F#V^(&)U]/SBY?_1JVE'KDR0&//
CH_;%UW#&=C

`2MC.)B%

W(-(.!/]747MSP6(@
M`@BK2MIZ$L.6B8+X.=;BL?1&;M?_YXE?!LB[(#60AKU@)HI+RBZ0/R?'5/7






ML3R_#$L8



`WCH#3&GC+Y:NQ5

W5<'YM`$UNB!8G&7=6R03<.7-@T





M!27$9F'.:F=7E:Y9.]I[GJ
RN)GW[B`QO(`U(8IN[AR2[H:2

2R:\

MZ?VK'9#![6`VS)J);_98!I[IVH8_5#7/M\!C\09J%YFBYWD#N]^#5UCER9]C



3B69*4[B




U=5<


M=

M6C$Z+07'45+GGBFNJ&RO7/@_+$BS\_GEO]DHOT@J/SR=



M8/CF*;4]LI3=
[4E0;95E;

Y!
MF=
D8(--F+R*&GIN43]BA`O2L-'PP%X2,,.%A*BZ#(T+IY:LFM*C%74.MR
M'D8HPEK*[74XNF:@))40A-=UD@+I]TO&713=RS)[4S.68M%;$:\CH0?W`RRP

MX(
NV^*/:(_4]5RCZX'1V2?ST]4-H##X*Z[E.?UAS^^XIL1?!T?.JAV+K9S4

M.KJYONC]_GDNV#YA-
]A.YVST3P-\Y!E@\D$+
C/
5V\R(&\Z?63*?78

M3\'7H=ISD%(^G@P.'%UU[*[A6SW?







?('\-NMH4@%?A#B85:KKUJ/3




M-&#'[@[C5NJ-]MH6ET[5YO^(W31;;J6S_N'3'3
`A3@D&M]/SX&F;?ARGV
M'\[!


MG.[`
$`V\.0VS31WP3?;3G_%:5_%DCB+R7DMFBA^#`
RTL('Y:.LH]OVK5`[




@6`C.Y&CB_IGN7I&
MMUS+=$S5](P^^.MZ5^W8YE`=&$.$S1T.W6Z75U:!_JFBUCUF0@\G25F7Q&&K


M4?FD]QY70KUO(T9`R-H/LV$6)[3K3.DM%GW;]



Q;.

MW(T6VI550NC7H([NLTI636




ETHP

I4DF&#GJ(

MYC
.40%[Z/UX\)(
&TQ84J6V6C950#J4=LDW_R49F)-HA#?(Y1LUPQ6-8N)X
7P$`08$NO.P8'P#@D)S]FR0/HEKGH+3X%WY9'NW`X4!<M!)P=PJC8
MT)<G0-=6Q_HNU-0WT\_9393KTJ;LLSK4F]PJWKIKB4,R!5;7
O3%XGO+I0`

JA#%6.;L&PSK;'
)^_0WO1

ARB'S2Z^;V?_3M!

.NJ[S5F=CJ=P]#4E*,-*L:4M
M,%4/+^?F1-FT9;.!9$8%B@@<YQ`!17,;C:)O9&<JH1[0A<3$K5+[Y%4-K


\U$?[^&A[WDP*IE.


MOX2$#JY6
Z72]TJP[#`SWA?E5:/I7(\UJH4W^#R(?&)Z(%EY*#5(UBCP3!Q*


M5;0U=M&M0]52M
^O0#


PX



MXM@%#;L[4'/V_)B
^L
B@#%/`%Y`#!.JI3+`0:$-!)A&@H&#)YE'E/1%!.P6

#-_2QH;
7H0.\M)F#5G)G-K








MGHNZT2[4\1M%`+
R(K[Q6




#X7T#-5









MCQEP+'LJ-CP
%BRCV;J3?C[

M=L_O0US#);PMJ$G=@15DG+SRXJUW6V!&W!2;U(=S[`YA-ETD`+!NM_WP
M`'J:*;



</;.R3:;W/

!GJB/LH-;B3&K6!?YGV8:4E

XLWNGP6P$%
#;XW%H0X_:&!L*&4$7)X+K!'_P







D#U:&R-$D-)VK)KICAID#HN
L^X$/(2KEG3L*'&%EH2?BG7


M96SZ]L!TDEZUEE=OGD5!TEO.2D6R3=GT30.#T1NB]S7;UFS3EP&J1](7(^E;






M3

@*^&P%49`EUDQ3WC



M#(;CR2Q;L:/^-4J7EE0M3+7E$#M_'65;?_3\^0%8?YR!E
V_R#U_76RV9X1K

A.3HETS69;!KU\GB;E5'8WL'$OBHMEN


1J/)\_Q/TK[09;\2++G(J_8&\^R_TVR\8=1\D_\_-5R
MI7[ERE:X,AA/IGCR)'OEP4'$GAI%I44Q!#)7BLI:JRD6(QAF`VG:9*?('-/
M%O44%[X9B['P*]4=ZP]?V;601J




5Z9C]1ZU<UZA1U^EW*5XC1@A!;QB5'<TONG88K.^Y!.(JP=
M3)
;1]-7MFF1;;K)**^DVTJZ3HW`Z@9Z\D%^]`5CA]#&L*
DSD^3I0$^SNVZ


EH/?U1




MPO4?)O
$.;I_[_\O+

M8.#
/./\NB[S_&/$J`R3%^P)F_4$M
RU]82G!/N!I/V`.!X7+
1MOSKIMW0Y
MZCOPD-$L9(52QV)6387HDIB.&+FN5IN

@



6S#P_5850:%
3((UV-(H


M?@%KQ/QH(?Q0GF;`



IC

:!E^@6,!MO?N^/_<03N#GKX4B
MF=4$O)9CZ0;A@[)GR+B9LAF\+T151B$=GDUHD/.C@:OA
`SH.H'?CJ$ZG5SI


V[-+
MD4/XRW0\34KWCME!%.0Q
QT
POF)Q-@B@?T

]?*^4U:
M;

MKJ=&[[L):.Q#`V#/6X9.@9ZW%KI#ZW5%H%[7-#P75Y'MKR(W9O2F\8O%G'):





-WE*8T0];NE;5D
2KDTD)7+E[*L;3=$NPP!F`A
M]6($Q.EWM6%XV

ML*^$UF]RSJ&DV8*[1UH7CEQ.O=#QJ?[]/AY]O$KY.FS8/1\38P6H9HEN@B

MP
?6+0]WC=O?-:Z%MH6
\\AG]S0]3]AR4\!3Y1=_A]EHP/RG3A&;N):!Q.XH
ML7_XDV(0%:'`NL-:#RJ)&H8+;2CMJ;A:*%MDAA#@J*&\;U5`
M+FQE$]US
M#][9K0EUK151[#K#)(LX'A=



HGO?U#V\+V

M-#T/9G+0J1S;D'0^=YRG
)D\PC4X7NU%\H!M)NHFW(S[%4=:K9SL$F6;I
MDDXC=H3L:/!(60;SCK5Q(!223,U1U('LAU@FD?Y48P4V3/6TAGJ@':8M@]
M^64]VHAL=VA*(AAD7#8\^&02UM'POZ26]=B/N(?FS8C2[#()_.6%M)B:3#=$

MSPYX)+[:62+_ZE&6I5SSFC@NM.R*&2#F,Q%(25=7N\DKGW8`/M@(.BD(HA
MA:*0LN.$HI!*(86BD
H@A:*0LB.%`GAJX(


MA71X-J$!K.T?H8;#

M67WC

MYHF-?J0=)G9#?J2-LQ;]2)5$#?U(.VIKVO

MI
US#-T.E40/W0Y5@4B!(R()W`Z;QT6!8R()W`Z;QP7=#N7%!MT.%8!+)H^
MNNM
/*BSC2?-

MTMP\:_&D64G4\*2YH[:FM9/FYDF







)_H1.^YT0AM=@*[F4)/#JF;)BP!WY$W+_C
MHJV]1

3JUZ:C\=12-G'

)&_!'



4FCH.
MHGP@NEOO:`&+@M3*-FO2SGSMDTIO'1[XA^QZ9`SA`RK[E\F[PP/@O60%6F
M^#3T@ZP_AXRW+/O]@_;QQ8P4DJ\:ERK6ZL4VI_RUVGI#]&65%CN44E5:S3UE

TJO6O$U:S2

ME:W2:B.N;)56&_&&JO1R/^P2$L$/Q=?PX?]02P
$%`````@`EX-40OHH;KE1

C`Q
C$R


??OB/X^/1

OLP]AOYGQ/\-





M7=9IF+%D!%PG[



`V9M0].3AX/KK$^@4X%:F
M9\:



V\


M4KK'!*^3]9B0Q`NG/
063KQ-?PA*`VBU#8/$CT'


'TX;SQ
4MD/J_HP^K!=4/2
MZ&;L@].41H?UOYJ8^C4,C$:^`GC)KKMEQ'3RCVT3@

MCW'D?X%W0
1:+WB.D%MUX$=YP\SBX:

M+U[T'7L`G;#-=MPD
3=JA1';.&=Z%
(!XPZ`_F?$N
F1


T34O]QU&

O`2$K*C3S`OYAQ&+OK38
MS:H!!$D/14

&;Y-T*@CD_/LK



M$*;U96UJ81A!Z07[%!%?%49]

8

P?7-VR]HM-[S!O+!






*0;ZXA


*D)Y!X9.;=J^*@KGK$D?
M-TU[C0^K


P((M9PXEN'ORI7VQ*]CB4A6;

=Z7L





M=!UP
L5W(!-:E7._.R/M
$!D%1`&%.[8]Y-U(@[-4LG$=]U/H:U[$XO118+#
M`)







MH]Z%AL
LM&PU+N5'RC

9I7T6

IFX7P[0T



=0[



]#O'U75NMO6)E3=SI'I
MVHM1;Z'9G*Q+=O97RT[&A[0RZH`UW\D840^FE=P#)\
[/:#O'43A4+!&T4UJ


M9[;CGJTPU06[Z



S6C
Z8))D*RJJJV-G`ZF1EO+:6'=.K$8

/SI_S^..G-O`J+2DK525_F-9A46FF=

/.)C+@`LIHD0

MF0@!LEETS6(


M/)!7%`P^F+VL$-GHUV-&.IS%['B)7I$9


J:


F5B)I`BC2A2T:5*;3'4;.61-)&XM?IK
M@HX].M

MV1MKWH\)M#LKZJ=D/4=TNSDLOF0QSV2``Z4X*U:R\6(=TCKDE^N_5AU+0\
M6(S+=F;GM]Y)*UP+JPXS7YQ
H?3B5U\[29+XL+QN^D`U6Q:PCOK+R2R%!C;I
M




@V9OI




6NF5KCS)#)Z2L






DS2.

RUO^@8S](+3LAY&PK_#$?]ZG^+:2+9;KZR#QQN`\Y.\L_L(@1)




([Q;0KCM8=M1X+/6G.#NW2'X#`+_ZO49\Q1



Y#]R*I8?
MA
J;R=Y#J0ZX#5(B

-)]
&^

M+&ZBY3.)1&-N6!G7X[`?NJE^O-OA!1U$4!O@J.'Y#9*H.I8
.[SA!F*IF&W+


LGC#
8ECD0Y:;JT&'NH`ZC

0)@9N8
MF-Q$IVE()+BE$8A7O]!`@
/61A#B`3R&6LA0;CPQ$:I4LOW4_(&[D48D)SA?



`8I$[+FF%/!M8*;(


*O/WCIZ?H`P)$

MD&'3NEJFM+)E'0;E[#6*MUPCK]HVYII6[TC=+42:P'SZMX\??WCWC/4PA&_'
MWWXX^^%=EF#HXN?B7:Y-V)UWL?N+'NQR;V`3)U%=GF!&T0TKA#Y^_/'C1X)2
MX?3YA3CQH?^W'U)$*K15OXRC%+ZF5V'^^?SMAP1NR`^&G;(L1=JZ^^&$/WXR
M[O[*8G;D=:I1.[


U9C:
MK^0PC/X:1?N5':JGJD;0?E6'XNZJT;-?R1'Q+]?X:M)VJ-']8ZRID84*S8Z[
MJ)8=FACJ.)P$'$PEAF?:

M7S^T$U0F3EH1[*FJP=EZ]`]5#`8GE;&8!U.X@J4%?1@L/0?(.I&/34*9IP
MZ'_MST9&8*XFK(32TR'^&![`*QL_J56T8'JH27D'`O\FN@#/00KAE[`0JY_
MHA9\RGZ1=)B;G1YUP+5X)/X(C_EUMP?I@[.';7&:(=2B*C'8[6DVX'DB90-
MP/\C%9=V(


MKA3?/@9\K2$NL:@@2K]5I=MV:IMS.7M\BD


)(7:1&<:1&SLUAA]]0!'$AN]$.AZ$DNEVC
MTN2:[2/1KQ/&]Z+#4217FM7UYLQ%W4\:=11G_.^OI<
T[E^KD\!Y'#WM*
ME/)FZ





M\:J#19L30J/PACN\O,ZQU\?^Y:S1NN!O!O`5


MVT-S]GBMT/=^H[21VLHI4DQ;DD\:0;\4*:1V4[+P_RLKA&-E]]Z1MG1QM$A3

+[:FV




JAUTP6?\IA

5![OK0RU%J9

MPMRGT$[/\F&JMNBA`]B=V&2MO#$#SDN]M03UL

M6U#M4.#KL:&SB_##2O:S)Y-:O`C5
J!%V%O&.=M=HS^**%?.8#J1E0T



M#;7XU/(_+G
+
:#?EPPGBS
NM2#?]I$W5R0D-`I=(\)+AE9<3(RKU:N[<D;_#9P
MMF=HL/*FK





3$@YAP7\T2A.D+:%X$U6M

LF;0
M@I22B?!N
H@VYYB!Q8'`9=BTQZ:16


!L_(:=IVE^U*F?5=@FV_]Z>SLYWQC
M_`NR(*:+!Z&?%T8L3/*Z)+U69?X/UD+!SK2W0'4%K^8^$5.7ZY)^FULLOS
MWR)V#'C(2@9B?!.E(-H$V&14@C9[.0-Q;^BH(]&FKF0@QGG$9+EN0]K?3';X
MDCIH









N]'$8



M

2(G1R$,]A/5-4GZ_@+;AH.!KK


MC'$;
HHE&1?-Z6=#)P


M*_U)2]1(7_6Y[.LOJ&

)^W.'3@


MK9\(CY[L\3J@OP61SP`T_Y
6F&@M.W@DY4QP?HCJ83:E_0N/IIP)1E5PX^'0
M


+/


@3[0(41X2%@O`V
M3I*+.*_;R-2M9?_%D=J06O*L6/E$EY@;D:#Z/Q+$.(\I3QZLA\#\*<3H=V
M&KW7FCE#!TGU=@4?#O?5]CF,]QN8!YY:MQ

-9*]T-3D5;^C5%;323<[%DT:]3S$V.:EN#




M-/2^E+T0VE-T`\_+\F-M+YTM7ZTJG\#9XC!%3C?_JJ4Z!O[\ENL+;&\'

P;PJ,YCA.(7XNT

1C;-BU\^YXGB.XBBXG$OJ8IY':/R@8PP?P!M!P^#:!D
M5]!QLBM\K5#@I=_`,G3(LK_1]X[$!(7G(SSKEWVO2!65I36+ZSJ'(MTITJ






M&(PR
;@$D!&FZ)NE(^)2PG2@IPPBK$GFX5&DXF?88EAB:9_[*I/%8Y+;P(-P

R
M3T^N28]7%)I&5*\B:$/\=Q*2]&DB-@2))R$
\Z.V(X`\6O;37D/WZ7=VQ)@G
M(8V8CF%'(%H)@08KW-ICU]2Z)SQ5J$*WJZ_

!5+A!@J&+/)87P9&HSZG$P.




QAHA*%5^3`P^G


M?=3!.A/

;'S!1&&O)Q@!?^

M0RXZ1:$O!AL!-_ZA^ET9HR3\$O^_
.
BOPQ9)O=/`
%S@(W?YH`+S)I%L5:Q



T




M]YK?WA()H-\WV)Z2\+S;1YJ69F.IJ[=(2=6'X\JK:4?^\SJIJX]C)T&P)G
M


TAJE;GX+







MB=+2$+Z-(6(31;.8W=@9K@K+`]XO`%#^IN6^6`J)^4&2G
?$J&(3DS)(




&439

A116OT-+W^HF;*#0LQ=;_
_FC/3#/FAA-06H[5O
Z\&L%J2-%C




)FV=PN04[A.2I*%NF)S9?4**








M%.9N#))PAT\(#I
X/1/


3U(@IC5Q0%TJTO(J1B^GX$@[@GN\//_X]
M@`BS]:?]+=S!D!.2$9RL%:^;Z#E+DQR83]RX#&^&*1B<26-P9A@&GZ4Q^&P

I828


\M&T0@

+^N-Y[[OB)


M!/+#Z,4_Y0$?EY--X[NL/C!?P`A5N7KP7%$919U!@Z)2ML[A??L'2JO9@
M=RCP6&;8H*4,P9GE,!:HL!G0%F_Z.0)$
TX%YHR
5C


6M)B9@T



H8#@Y%42;5`]



M'JA;S2D&/5[KGE

M)*





M1T6O_*

M`2%RR


8E(=N90+8=$



13B'FZ?:VBYFW/,V@%UM%CRIB43#G198^Q8B35*!^'YNI

M^@F5+*(H`V%M27CX[QA.]61A[F0`$<B3&02\%,/W`-%V`N2/=[*O2PK*5O<
)\UF9+.V<E&BK79ZQ<4)\IU)LY.]E/L



MU9_

3PI;KGUO39-*
-#*`1P0_&QD
MA6?[JBD*?LFTYR#-6VFI?))#RY8OC.[
;HE=GD.N_L9T%?85NY.=I\A-#%OO
O<Q.BH/DA][<RMH-R'4;N62*VFF=NI6/%3Y4/3AM&1

MZ&BY-.
^H1/1?K!]1BM/94-;4;5TG.3AN`W]1PV[CKQWO38T
+6!G`*/?FWH

I.D+T]4T=?:2G()/J353

M6R8C:G&%





MMA%S9;A-3


M9@/.ND/+R4G
KZ
T\X)BUAU$3DY@\709DSN
G#K*






M![C'E3U-U.7VG)D[SQPKWGDY^/215H5EG16G=A4/U.TE:6'


M7^


A-PO1V/?\W^)H5Q1FR%\2
M/



LIFYI'C`6YZ0
M&
5V!I/C)3XA



=


H.H!ZBLXB


Q[





FT2\K%J2E;%H(PLN9.`NA_9`
UGM2GT`0O/8

ZXO
MT4CSF112Q%-+4UJI9;;(%[-VM90)0?W`9L+YZ%`($SI%H;0J'%V-/1D6*#(
M6J9@30O3]H\W!/HO^&?4-C%
:'
-0.K!X`V




-@$Q
D0WP&4!E[P#%)X$QV'

?]51D8[,T2-<






M2C+]]`;)1#$P2FK\V;PGK5

SVE/0B.JIU/^L

99
?



MR?X9=
\4**AOO'G.WO&(-LH_
MU

M(L)/:]N.)5H)^5K4F&M:2J')JG14WT]=WEDA/V+GM7'GI4`'(8


`NN

2HZ.S87+'4\4IFHD*PW

M5-


`&:ATL.`Q)+DU
MC




MVUDD85!#((6X4)1#

2M'I81*

T$VTU[P23G9A

!B

M;BI4[[09X?+/
SUI7BXM32:;HA#2:8`E=B&!\#?Y1)2;%?D4*?D2/1-
R`*:

Z1

M)85[AVM)'C@83D2Z8S
[C#
M8@:

%-7
H16<[=;DT\@`FS`JF&<I[
M01Z^%'Z3X[Y9.CI#_P`#09M!1.(=K`ALEC!8O'YYF%W#D+RJT&857/-P^H2
MRV
O=Y






3=CA!*

]1I'4^
MP33P




M3OZY7%
F-^+D&+[SD-1.GXD%-2_=7/DI
\)GJK?16I:1I5AS!FJ%E]O
M3W(


$Z\$#^-(&DTV&%
M\`Z?M!?@&4Y-
%E-$#P[AH@1F^Q$NA/I3J3/1J2+L@PGJ.T4U-4OM!1*J3U*






;SF$
MCWFK]@QN=5=6+`9G\JML.80%A;_)K[*EF1(['JG]);8ZF2(6$]!?!U85PFP7





MR^1A[


MLMG)YKG)YH$





Y2

M$`O5KL-
X(
*L-$<+(3T$Y`.P%MO8691E.
M4ILFJ:]!@'X%809K(9W




T'Z?YO!G-1Y2I


M26Z:)*_%=E'+!M




MAGY^8++'/GQE9Y8YL\R99;


M?#CE8PI)S&&=VM4-)W1%A:[S?1@LO.J



&+R



`L``00E#@``!#D!``#M_5MSY#B2



MIPB]Q/'I+S_]].W;MS_CW;
;O@O\@^?C/V^#XT_HW;NLJ;\E2OT%+?_L3
A[





#DG^&9!(OG/GD'



M9C-;3?]S




=-C?\]_.INRW

MJ#&HDO?N4CDF
-N.#8K4%J

_:W)#-N

IP\=
9U+9GHYD5UR44V?Y$-T=-6

M===)KN&L2^?(6W(:M98ONW_N*\2F\@WG0G`HU](CH/\
9DR?_6UPQ(_N=V!Z

MOC`(%_G4N_S+MKRK'T9RA6!A-YVM9[6Q1.NREU%\J3/:49.]:`8@+((Y8`0X




M7W!\MW]TO[?'.$B*&;*#J`;


M!8/32KT)H337U


/8YWZHZ/
M`WJ`








TU'`
74

!H&P0KYK_1KVL.`7]XBY0WWP:\;YJ-`%NLR7SEI$)%&AI@

M^JO
KHEAU[X@5ZBXMFBN!$`E9@O#S$5FV\GLZD/:([73X=OY9CU?KLL1:_Y0


JD
M@`JAEF!'D;E.8:X%^`$$8A-+;9XP@JMO;KA[)*W(9K$KS^C$2[EA:*&P^2*K





\@8*F6XR'$I-%D%
H
H#OP;G-RWX/IOG\CW^E\X
M#.Y\_%=Z_9L8J\`W=:
7IA8P9%:;^2K%
Y.+J&42KY5#:BPA&1CO[*[G/4



M:
[6TQQ?B414$HDRF:;G;55:ZXBLO8*9JP]NP#BM0@[B*5M@)UDX%#QM&&+P
MI;7-8K62`


[X9OR'U^#EG%
M\5I7?P$TP


X





508
/BP-9Z=T_^VUOZ/_H?-K




M\LE
%LJ%H52:X5J-BBQT)!8:!51[Y%5@U.(-%9/EGK_U?+HB]MG?X:-/3[TG


MRYD(&CU

_A&U/I47+R2_R\

M(UKU3)P?-A_2G1$V-`!F$

M[`V=8T.Q&L#ATS0_6E^2E:S=E:49&ANJ


J\&



MHL1`5VJ@`4B)XD\`):Y7K(#0YR@ZP^&3/FT2.HD*T`(3CK
4PR8190EDNMLE
MAHLG-





M`BMR@1K`TJ.S7T^!'P4AWA'/1/3R%N+82(;=MI?TP[A%(V#
+#;3=8YH=N@[





F]EFEL
]$Y=MXLX$

X%[8
YY6D!7L3;Y
M]4@I!)@PF^9(55A8`8<<Y'K!(8NX)DZ$;C`F7
8DF3M$][1#6J/[O=TO\H-




?A(VT/;1.A%G0G
M+=''Z4UDGK`/1DE]R+/G/Z=[C0
_NGZ*V+QCKR\N%6@-_&1:`F-V-9LLH=!$
M17NH:!#]EC5I:B2EQ4?EGO$O]D(:@@0XW%N=IV+N/M'@UG.?O(




M)@B]%P_!=*!FL%D
)P]X?_9W]
8*M
L





KEHE2PF3&R:I
9`+\$
;[*##TE0HP.C[O$:'FL

MCS+A]/RH4KB(YC.D)B8&B6FDC[P-3,U-#SUVS%XQ:4^\H\+M\'K]AWZ7^/

ODLAX.

AGS!WF`AC5Z!*X:BS%OF\7C;4D=-

$LQ*MJO+7U4,SCJ[4/SD7E61H&%32'%
MT&*T*I,<CDFF`2*ICHN'8K6)7^@/<X#/&.;39Y[YZ\V#W06YOO0WQRO=VU
MOV-7&5Q'$8ZC#UZT/031.<2BT882D9K7LX?J]S7N%YMTE*#68/)UJPK5&KS

)%'3X[5$Z;1&3+=B%
7M8[I(!H!AT2.XRQJ9)`5.M)=
MI:)]X*?:;EO*'G4+T.J@$.P3A:E+VEKE``

M-G*5'H!U\P.P'`#^
6WM3T:2DI'
<7A4SV.5
N

SP=#242U%^PH%MDG


GRZ3O^0_DT4+



MDX7&^L(!5K-^+S/.LIG0]B!MAQW/-39A+SCA




MDK1V*40E-@%Z%
19.0IIB^J#[O;5[?&92A=(8VK\*R2U
+W'N+)KWI.XZR)(

/C`X[/H7^7_K5U)*ZH&:/S

2A=!=]I#!22O]/NW9-?!\

QDXATQJA.B@VE@QL[&YCS][IO!#
MC
+]-V[D

[FH
M$&PX+QIFJ9AC=%G:



MD.%/
:4&3E?Y;QL=1W!5@A:+)&Z3P)**9I4VV)1$:5[;EM'#8-L9
)F9K\S
M8

MM2J1BQ+!&4B-%5!7:C0KJ/ZKOR];:!GTA/'9@CN^7T9)P?_M[!Z\_9OG/T
3

8B;T#F]T



VV






MOC-A#-]T93^MKNFXJ6$


%UU




3)

W;

M4E_OCI/84`VREM/6JK4K87U&NQCS*4ZKCN*1XYL
90GH

M%RV
9\0779

X2SNA252MST#VE3



VC&2;5$7K-6-.Q3'X^8/K#M;^[/@9A[/T7-
:%KQJ*
M?9$^T
(%T_6\B0F42V5E(



]J
;
M^I[_'-WC\MU-CN&#HX`@BC`&S7#]@53#8;1PS-I!EZ:Q-K&4ML34GUE9R
MO-\6X*IUX/T^X



^P[E

MGF.L3BE']$V3$16&C5Y6[
DH36+LXVZEW/C^A7PW'#T&[]TP9/=`'(
SW=+^

A
M?B97PG9\2A_^H51S^RGP:2=SM__LOY(?@E\':[;NR9Y6:88+-RGT\VT.35:
D'+LDH&8'5A/?$#C\AS)JB<T]I8XBTAI+F2ML%K:K

(RWLQ]DXKL4=?9A/F4]:::]OE!CD/!!;








F/?;PMIG+OC*%

M\%5KA-Z


^ZT+FL+.Q;NQ

X[O/OLWYUP2/[B/Z=_`=+V4.'FF'N@


U!M'9ZLL%ZW%C
MG9O'=J

MQA^\$&])
9<I


$


&46#


&#B@

S=?FW-RY


M[@#U1:K:


#+FWV(+I5&^GH9@BFQV%RF^GJ'.@HR&VA=P]
M_(*/3S@4!%_S.0,DW5`=C'=;+59E:99J!24BD&_)8+T$^0@6Z;Z;6FEIT$&





2G(*0KC&.:\XK#IV!D






MT.-QS`BFBBE&GZG2'76*[1603!=[=6R@ZX#


)
A:`
M9;_'M(H!SB_S?7!C_#Z@U2C/1-7T;LC`%\XYP07HA!-8*V``SE;K;`$V$UVZ


MU!!E&?74]8


ML[UN



X6@)G[:;.L@\3E!I$68M6$\)`


ML7=\.A.=A!

@F\KSA\];8X.VZ'=^^#([VT/5D#.3`-Z-3#

0T:L]


M5T.*V!^Z


?O(.


M%6`__.+&]O]@H]/#2RT/*R[*+Q0$]@6@AD)EUE:#[XLJ6R]-9_5V+
5&@

M+9W[Q.2J`

P?%$




M.VJH=

I`JT.NLSN


X1F=D!HUHFA5[-E
X^K

MDVF&6B(I3(THW2(\M.&\@8+3PTSQ0%]!ST`%(5]@3RNI48&MUZT=0_))6B
MP5/Y$9U#U5*[T$NAI]

Q
M?`Y]+SZ']-#3)^\[_2GZ.0PBX78PX?
ZHUND!'1I;#;+=LYGDMA^STP68L(
M1;X*VQ@

HZ;3



IG+18X`*R:@0







U'_VG@YIW9CL3](3
M$/#W3:I32GH(;OYM`$M,NXJ9&?EAO(_FSP-,8KUUO5`X(#E0A#D&LOP6/]W
M7UP*Y-B!3[YRP$A=.+,9*?-WU@*V.'N2`I=!_[SNX/W2E*!1(ZE):'.!#)
M$I^91'11FZ:MF)+L#0,HY:@!3=B6TTT-CX4PZHH*;+0NKY1$FH\#(G
-XF6

;;+1%).#D$HE60(</-<G*S4%A8
M]0YAX47/?XPP1E^&*/_^:=1S'[%X5

&:H(



M@/9('FB!6OD1$V`KM0__[.LRW)@$@]U=3PNF6BUH1U]/
QC^Z%7)KO_VSQ$Z

M5*/V`*CU
8$+--+5E;+




MHCW+E\!_Q5&SSLA`89H[P_Z:0@^B3N;I7=M)4RAOBQ:&25JK%#MF[2':($I:



S
S6!*0
FJJ*2KF;V/%GZ
9:EC_&4



@/I289P$`S




M[5XC]


M8]P6Y#6&M3+G&.JQ0^Q&^`-._OO9O]YN@S


M1#9(O8#!J!(/

I&NTD!5'!@





&GOGI@CW&]NN#

P%QZG56@/60

OV#_CKSA\];;X
M\\-7[J5[T+=T0TZLC#TG
UJ7D(;D8=2@2B5B#ZC!_35T&5X(QB;X.SAJW%$
MM0=?`TPM'E`R*Y`LG+\594]OI:5))8]K']6+=0'7PYSGI4I38972O+?&2I:J
M


VF2^;)@2

HE84)`^9B'[6
OSH



M_QD1WQZMV$`K!`X?Y%6O&
4ZM&BFX'$3J.]35Y(6UVE.95M4
W.X;74B8'O

HJD!_?;+X030\\]M`YO*L^:P%!9
M`?`DT712!Q`1@W(YAJ'3UR2&&VK(46:(=BSPPHD+A(;=1E'P-_=P9NLP](S'






M2K*
HJ`UXK8D+O&L1(AQR-TQCID-G/]^L9]D-9`+0F!U0*#+0$1MH'7#$
MPXLV9_2'3H2W?WX.7G_:82]!#?FA#A;R*Z+!LWOXZ,=D;'/]W:OW)[PG-(!
M(``-L24Q8IF4C4HS!EO+1PO9J1B7!_XRP\9E3:(P*

%

M94ZR!J1)5GH3A&'P+;D4E/Q%





8&
!LS.V(SO


*(LC5`::JSF()ZO[-

A


O2JRF8'O7X-3Q#/7
@%890K:Y


8Z?;K573U50.'K.5%159




A=NT<?`W13\NACU:.??41U0E0I1+1?QW/M?(A
MLG'_
H)]](X8A9GO]D&(

^Q!Y.C`BI)M$]


MJ-4


MG#6`BA;

MR$H4=[SU939=S7NBV?C%!.





M&2Y3\Y:ZP0J#0FXYF9%T
MD]5\



69%YJ
2B;9DZ#C=F21^B%(:1E]PGOO$L.M2??@&!<FA$770=M4_<

^O^

TJCV1VTB!YW(&#!+:^BPAG3Y.['Q]D&^%O?]








KM:J`!A'=BE_6.H6%`(_*P4



=Q-
MR\.NU@=+?&(5:MJ3]9;W;$!1QV1ROLSNS9@R8:L6IVUK(.Z$T/+=`H,TX0
MQD9(9L^^5W2)D2Q_Y3ZI/V7EJ0'-9V;S19ZE_DKEY$F-YJTMP\W(
'ZNFF$V
M\1QJ5)9KODL^#BML:3[E&&CE%`*K3;3&\8XNG??Z/XZ(?N6'M':QQ7M@N=&
MIGFHDY=1^K:I7JN?_BRJ;US_=W03A&;G3&[58
3(M7NIV:GZ3A^?PY#TBD`


WO4S6*QX
Z$TA1(IY&'2W)IG-/]*=


H;9DJ9BB061P`(M

M2J7F=]



T-0'.1T]F3B
E*`E#J30C
MD!]F5`WKNHP87R8935PGTJ6;4./*.YI@$NAE$=V0)7J(1T$

MITV!NJD*?!#H-%!-I*%G,&N?*!==6!KLPL&[6'&U;%-I+TK]=Y'O/.V[L&.
M7EPK`;*!5XQ


M2\J[RG)[L

RMUEB]Y
EFA/?=



MY26NOO!KJFD'7G\CTRM?B$U87`3/$





HAI



M:?A`W(V#



`#C6SC8'@O7OR8O?@


KYZ,\!U
MRN@J.!Z]F$VP/B2N?0QNDFN82S<0[\[[&TCM`12#;CLN%[
4RHJB:574W][





C\4EI%)H4E6


S6:7_
MFK*^X)_FZ_3?DV%.9@X^Y_Q8@GWF:(M]O.[F8O.S$N-U




]8RRII&6=OFBWIK=5MIL71;
M<5M2,[B<@IJM*X

2!-7Z$00

:E\R&&J9T\\R;4L`
@Q5)OR%CC#6?Y8T@NWU



MY;O[.,]:@2H33V`X;!9;:85K!))B(I*-J:/NQ]-#MAA-DT-V00`[C##'*%A
M9G$K1DT5N@+KC66CI*//+ZA,YJ'2,ER=$G\DNZL5*@)=#YR

M1W%Y+TWIJ1(K2\CY8SH[\Z?RC*OQ9+4U%!L)J]POQC!%+PTN[CXN+QY5UY/:

RWA.26=GJ6B
?DEOU*:2C4.W



M


VUF6R`I/GE*Q



D17+#09Q*U\7WK(
M0!WXCYGLEPW0MDXF_<SPX&;H3NNY5Q=



6(F=Q2K7G'X%.BQ:RHR#%$<TJH(1])GE_?O9MMW
M0[.#AW;



-`^4TJKRY1O.^`86&

L'M;S65[H
M*X\')L743J!AEDRU6P)#;4]S'(XYQI'*P4
#G'5[#2:^?W?#T/7CM^OM-CR[
M+6E7_6']26Y-`VCE_?FD-OV3R4&IH%&_\0*3'ST=X

MW`





-]0UU$







`^
M]/3H=?/WK




0
MM6`L[\S6&R=?H4GD(B(8Y9)IU=M




WY^Z*@
@+HY57K
D_'<3/Z?SN[


M*^R5CAS4&^VH
%K'F*$;7+

F+)
MYEX
TME

&E%ZW!J1`]
RQZXVZ.B!90TP39Q%(V@CZ-Z0#K2&M$-C$68
M

MB:4J$/V6GBT8>[0D(1)E)D[Y)AH_/:':3H=KIT%V`.&L1`?MGE#?Z(X81
%:(-38:J
/7_X#N\)%
MDUZR[&.BJH+`Z-W
EINNO(1(2^BSCUA;B#9F-5/U]POC+1*!JPM`

T^ELT1ODK+%+07DOSV0P7UX
S!OQWAOG58?9

M]

M/[0W768&[\^TL&X0OGWT7[TP8%N^W



-K/@D
=9


-ZN<[

Z




IFH)!2E4DV!2*6U3L5:G
HTBR5H4%:!


M[@%']*[*[ULOPH_N]WOWC1ZB?W\.0^R+!B!M;VD
ZA95H
GX?)&NV3%YR:VK

MY2M
;U]EV]R


=5C%3*.F0[$YCW:?\?XA?R3;Q7_-G?!D=\&T31K:14



M;!ZHMU!C@YV^&L/OT*L/?$BH%XW2?Z6Y:])N]B^ZVS)M&OTQ;=R**2(=#FM0



M@E@S=&H]:0BQEFR96Q_!)XUA2M
G5XE3V`1[V2M7-*DXG'?D:?3X+4A=]0N.

&
(?\$%\`7O9








MZA$_)F=:


MF](G?_6(3T\X)'_UG_/*33\4
0)'ZR-\


VXS2









I\*)S$.
M_!C%WI'=1)][X=7
!B9%O-&!^Z1.-#S$(@'UXD;X/O2VN#B#WW'-%;%S(`+
MHAJXA`[OK'/6`F)-EMJF
:X!F\P;`L]8
EPJTN

MHGXLY]3G
%@%+'1W2FI.TSU#(1ODI*



MBRI
5[WX]%9Y$.Q%:U+)KC#ME%UV^E`6L-A3W8(''




M;#U





.0ZGL&
:JX1'S4&OFPIV\91!V/V




!43'M)_*
.



%
$'9$$.#C


%UFKAS++5




2W^RI


.9
M:6-EOCN*+Q5QMV97*DE=1_$G(_#L19J:1A;NMAF5YKJFHMT^PT6EG+2
!CWO

MW^RVX.(ZH^2RHTQ)E7UT:UN7D@BW&0)

MA1U-A7':9';S

M]+&6?


-ELE)T#@/%[KB=*%!V%
MN)/4]J._

OAQXT4W#]8_U8/%P]SZP=$K7F


Z_[W(W[(9_#X?UNI]QG;M*_YOM(]8
M$2G
OT(/4)'
M]VKK$,9RKXG^H*./L^Y@]H-U!R4'+DWR!QN;V?P2)K4V!TDS?T8'0*S!8ZG








FL;
[N
M@_?J[;_XPRL]+5[J1-6/&.@]R^MU:WJBDPG=?/U#.0V5OI]I034^_L4BD_
MSHR3#-NCS3$)/\H/0Y5_PY$S($,^7239:WE2Z?+JCE`Y&[6Z_%SQI02@5_
M-





MSB4PE4AY(`)GLZFR&;_TZJR[??)

M0B

;[K4PIR7J)BPFZ1[$*L?!\'T_0R-@V-
MZ7]%O8Y-_A]G3]&8'X'U2EGI==81$8]Y?GIE1VVWW

W(O7Z9.9[
MK^CZ^3EDUZ1^]N/0\R-O.]K-&\`6+ZNG:C


A6U9

UB'[2RZ6[]

M?Q?*A&Z?
/&I+GR$7+/O`1]=S_?\Y]ID@(:A
UB3RQQ30\T#;N_=K.:;\0;;
M#0+.U6W


B;F[QQQ`./Q#/_G7/0EJ+R)Y^EX1K!



\U0KAK*=5
UQC8V':C0YVN%\ZLXN_
F#LA+HNG62R%A(#.H



MC:J$4ITN[6(X90XNL=X/PF


MJ@VZAP^J/L-_ET&%*G\-&&I
FAHUN2ZEWT
M,`\XK)YL*MM3GF!]UU/?KDM2[\*YS'H7(W\:^^?^S?'RGH7?3_A)8XE:$5Y

M=%O'5/653KV[C1^O`K69KWEY'8H5+AYC/E]Q`%APW:JL
ZQ?2)ZB25NS%W8Q


8`\/H;.(X:2?V
M\7@Z!&\8HYA)16'2&/%.$GO`G

M6

MVI:

M\@TN*W'



M??;IIC7O%=



MP



MF

56U6;60-+T$'([5C1Q**7!2)7&
83Y\\




=G#!)7;TL87ST&L7M`466L





YNGTSLE
9K8$*&
P3<
MWS4=






M62[3J]I+'0:B8D7'G='4##Y5&SWPC'/I9+-)P':)ZC):P=Y4L.I!^^T0[[SX

3$&

.U
MRQKM;+Z93R6('7<%N@-TNQLE`Z^1975EEHD!;'1)'80A99[+Z5ST?RK3V1F
M]VF()Q&YCVG&



\V?13'+CR/5O/


M(&)EBGE+B6KE:Y\


M%O(-$#P`2H$XWPAK4$;[&

KSQDFK3/V:9`:Y`$-X

IP4B8C.TGV_H5XCU=1L/5QS1.\
EV@

7D+0E
U%MKIB1'0+

C






?LC+




?9B]\^^R1S8%/OZ=6UPBIL












F5*5GNO+`7RX&^YVG

$';
M]5=_JE%].;'TM\&IV&`
Z/P@SQ'*L2^)\E3A6_(T^3?Y%_F!4!8F__C_`U!+



M;S&


M!G]]]W+Q4_78/7I_9__\N*]__'3G[SWGO_CQ_?^ZI.WKR+3S_\VZK1ZPJ!



PAU0L0BY

M!

M(4@609#?.EXT\GE1
J^ZU=_!'3X1
9IDB;V#JUL'^2)CB&=+R&U[F'84^:PQ






M14K'05
KQ(#
WT&^%*$Q)QQE^+*X@P];8EW&MV$E7(];_=!)]:^[;5[0`8):
M`T=-SZ^`V
GQR[##$ZX!?A6S37DN






M4D/1U(\F

P6C
8Z4B8$Z]JR9YIBP9]&U



M@K!M^$'=XS6WT




M.LF6BE%9MSP=C8V=Q`\%N







M

/^
MQFBLPW18D;($/@AWA)JO(!6CGMI%TQKZ4V^P%R/05].JA&)%`/X8GKTW]OJD



M#L?B^#`84UO]C
6!J;54MCH3R]XN8QV&X]2+S@$)AAC?\K(1
YD=\+JP^7H1

MTS
DG



=^)36;;_VK*8`2U?6FALCZ!U+L((G$GM6@

9!?9J!JCCF])5Y5&8@@L[Q6HQ5
19AQHO.P5I


M0!
2;^S73TEU96;;*U2-1*B2CS/6Q\(#STRA66AHX[J[FSFFNRFEM7Z^-\



A+:ZDE



MX#9&/S

^;L[
MB+D^D)$9^U1@^=+R!]C0.2;28I(A)9V)R0`GT('QC0'O



MF81=TQ




.

MG@#:A3XHV*
E\.




2)%\^#I#^'8K





O/F@R0YDB'*?%=M*_AM#U\
M1S?O70;TX\8T&P7*ZS



M;CVRFL0`AJQO].$T_1P^(H`?HZ!BU*O\RN4'5#Q*PHL5&LR


M0`:M5USPE!C`[/4-VT_3]


;.P5K*P?K@
R3N5]WM

;P[5

F)Q5
I&ZT&6\!VL

BCF2!&UZFU&]

&S$Y3C^`3,(H#K#&T
M4Y$A$F7GLML?1_Y[/;&9K?7A(M<`.61G:2=Q_1TI4HT5`*X#A
_BI

@1LL

M`J8=GKL.V5$TY96ATW2Y?\9S4[Y8F9Y&K8C*ATBNC3J&4:OLB
BB2[O7F@2&
%CH\-W!).6;;*(2/(BR;Z96\URJZ8J
5(<*G&0MB6'NA=A.?G6%CPVAN4A]]QE@6<R+.+:&`0,9O-ZOWH9OY)(?
M1\]JH8]I1/EQ7(;)[WW&2$X'+?1G^.[:`(2_L#@)T^0J0^1!8!'/:*W`ZP:
MFN[70VNA`ZXJ7^42[`#

M1SS\0MZ/*L9W3I+=G['MQWC`ET=Z'E38#_0[20AFX':8=0L3_*_R*6=Z

M%4+


M_H


)S:
M
?DT.M







7D'P.8X#=EP:M;%6NG
WQSYZBT9ZY4!F)$:KR9QD5044+[UO

MLZE^X5+PY:R8._:B;94.#&;K3G]N1#Y!JG#=OH-M%J\'0W1TX=NLVQJ
T1$#
M:FO
QB,2F9W7*$N?6#1V%#U_'Q`B-R\K(#VU;`DS_M'R!^%5(B'UN%$!@;
M#7%^WY53?XJ`TG^L9N


\:.'5.&(




`4BU5F+TK96AZFG`Y&90#G
MK:&GDU'K8)F\)#H:M9X!2=EUN0;SDU#*KJ+HI4ONV3)P:

.FVFC+&8=
CD=MJ




M?UB1_`_?PBA2FT2N;S:Q='+HSB9X;-=
<:^L26;CLG1X_-!5&8H)2N[5^N4CZYJ6+0D<@V
YF
+^?

S`3%J1&8P@OU

WOH@/2H_4?3T;C:8+[A(^B7+?_+`ZMN5F


M
T[^0:&N^M=TZ25A\H2_8R]X@+]X*2WT!(+LD++8O?6O[*K&$L&
M'OD_%M!#4HE<:$F4;OK7<@?Q=0V2E$[2!\K5Q&A!;'ZZE\52YG=UUH_Y5^\


2H/8`@2
M_$5Y

+^NEZ^VF2QO&5L14

?]BPLK$RBZB8$-ZW]*B5$(!O=X)MESV=-79Q*;
M\I.1.Z6G57XH+9G:@$I1O/0471NBKIO;<R(.A$8L-&#AE;AVG((RN6BFG4
MR.?L7DV%O+'(CDZP@1^UF=KI64EU.DVT%Z2^F[47X0G<(?7(&Z




M4@N7&]E41*Y!D/GYIOU'YD68\P8!YK7+WRU(;UJ5CBEF

MC8&B

M*&FPV'3Z



TV\@R1769I`!H*U+`#.YLR$0SO

MG^







M/@KSNZYOXQB]5`+8F.*?P$/)4_;R7\!/G^/&'WCHO572?`2I!FC=&+\K\\
B<2+XO<[?&4`-NE^\MW3;;A8

M7CI6\C-$P(_7



5$

;




M
KYB1L


M2D;GHJEO(YYU0G*`4Y'






?&5)&ZY/#JX*+J[3\H\.

MHM3W.8-(:)IWY`&C7I]V6W
:NQCQHPQ:(UW4Q$2G'I^O^6(LY`Q7?;74
!C;
M

`WVM1FLA)O+`1SAUU
=3%I\@.W%
M*13`UG34M[7LF*X6._J1[O,-8I0$_*EKC%T'RKCY%'N6O4[.3H%*#6X[Q]

M%*V[

8C
#`ZDS`SHS
MH$82YD!J;I=R^)H!D@+`X*XND^K5$V)\.SS5#9&GAS0C@;?)JMI7=/B&93

-(-15OXEK)?89/+%$+)5U'1&KR
Q48S1Y*0UZV5\;+?/3(9@\P&R
MW2@S)8@-OL5V8\R$
#;87=N-



K6[A=-*V!X-CX







M2A9


+]%9A451P9(7='!<-;Y_AXP(0&0XE3<`Q'1T7;
M@'OD@+J61'
-&SF8C@__0.[E_O#C/T*`\.OWNK\'.Q!QS.G;6NZPYNLS3)

(*&@]`TCWJ7`\8N3&
]I;6P%L+LUE-
*$'_9DV,%\;Y8?IJ]Q6I6?6J2'TZ(TCEY\6C&5LOQPYZQ


M:*LF0XBMFJ=U1@059WR114S@6[37=.+TAG2]X24WP#:+_Q_96&29^E64,=!
MC91TF27X99)DS;R(P+T]$#B_73(?#2JV&HY5FM#*#^$CZ;XIR0
\GHH
7S$


M&G


M


M2!#VNI.X?


M@;&W58F_2CA%U^?V'!FK_US'`??
MPBA:;.)
YEL5&\[LM=_A]Q6N0\QG%EOV-4XQW2@-_^!X+B@;WFQL'E&\!2C=

ML;-`@'





=ODI7F!%$W+RBO!Y:5A!Y
M2?*PRB\OK@








H=ZZS.DR=2S1/J/?\ZL%.9)\QD.D276IJCY8






MIA7+9_M!H00N-K$XEOSX5=M:!%T6@'PM=





M3W`;L9/AU1OAA._3;T0WSUZ]'TX2/YWX1TF[4V^$D\-/HY5B)A*LM\+)VN+?


TXO
M9ZD250:D6B9CPO3CUSOWSXT4<)YN_%KX]_VP(/O*4`!G65I`Y\+W&2QO`%
M`/2]'V\^I-Y;#./-OJO3GGSE&TVF

F!`B://`XK&





G9G\0+J\DJ=R
M'6MYFZIS*K+5.Y7C(5:5ZFZ[L]D*Q&2.:*[BN2NF9VP
I^Y4O2TSD$OO?NI\
''(ZU4Z5LRJKB/^P:GV4!I1RQ;:P.=












M04+#VZ2--QX*;CU0I2G0&S7.U#J13^2%B%%JZHYG!;1;WB\*!R

M2JUS^!@:GPOYI.(



!&^ND^-Y]'
M9X_H



M#P:9S%PHGO&4)P2CF
Y@.+[%)P0#3^8L/J99?!3*`
[:XZP]QMDHG+7'67O.
M7R



`AR94



MWM6YFCE7
^



#


-Y.T/SG`T4`ER`QNDB



,,,F&7\6%
MOPKF=WW!JUIQA*A;I.05S%.S;=E(4@CJ^\DA/Y'YD7A:D^BTP7):_<PX_@2


*\+++@XSA#J
M'H_FLT0__)2/1K[_*0FF?@U#1M!XDHZEVDJ

N`T
MFY;K:

8B#ME%FX`FWDZ4

MCJ!!U]?I[JT1%Y:*FZK'+5R5FEC(G5SY9
X-O7`:$53V

M

A9?BB-5(#Z4B_

M`E(YB@


%\XF
=='MQ;XY-#5_(0-V24




!]N8QJM#KI&2I#YA=%H#Q(#62Y=2/ICM)%4@B^?AKW&9QW??B
M)IREI`;.?96MK[*18:G&R[CSGB



MU&@B5UAMLBI
-/
M/^7GX5<0KE\Q'[,HPL4[@8!:](4TXS]#54AI:H:.L[=80*_6DSV&2MT5@]G

4GRL'I*,0?`E3,I#76(QQC%30QS8A9<-0.EH69Z
M+T7IO1Q$;X^VK/_X:G()(;1HHFB?E<
112UK3%4



YYC;9Z*)=&P@8RF=5?`N)+DQC%]ESV4T;*SICC=]
^@RTM-Q4=-!G55I_1P<A<=I&Q*Z7'


6L#A*Y



;I..:
Y'[U-H#K+=O;38OOK//UE?'N
M*A[4-,2O:W'CXU/\2IB8)3F\%/^MG@Y*75G%;F(A7U;)H4QPKIS:F94*?E?@
M.N39CAYBO::E#B:ZX](CW-V/#71G8^Z;1C\_`N#?B$M+;YY**`7ZNEMKL4G


M:+)/TUW(M@:_C[_P9JFK&`_9V
-_2@E2JUSPE&TV'MH_K'[QHJS87QC\1^9%


A=]
MRY0O+G;:ZDLS%$*._&BK-_'8TR8L+MKNJ#X4P%X)T/8T8W+

_?T
7;%/_\7_=C$R
!LG(8F=?YX+:)2*?0



CW(4EL?^[0FD:01X[O)B?36M*D^.527)





M.57!O6-P.6*='5?IN$K'51KQK(EQE:*7@N




K[K8#<ELKK52
M@2CMC.9.S5K%_GUKB#L(BTH9YDD;-Z(8SM+#:'(\WV)9:$^*/:7X$R7RPY;0






MU[&'CCUT[*$9/H(N&;+C`1T/Z'C`*7E`IS$TF(LZZ`H..WB5(52=Y]XP9]'N


-'6LX(6OHE(M:
MW!&IFU0J(J]$G5%E!G)L8N.773LHA%OFIP;HM1UX;A&QS4ZKM%QC5)











'



9..F73

/.G[4\:..
M'ST=/^JTG@;S8G59I\TVBO<`/`&TWU0[V=SQVLUQ\.*.%VM8?@'WG&`CW-Q



1LRJ7*'%#%0DV-\9\=
MQOW
?`W7O]D-E]-2.RVUTU*KT%(_XHN:[`P
'M)7@![Q*`BD(





Q
MG4:\BK)JR@'7A^
_'?_I^$_'?YZ&_W1^%5-PH53-[H!=XD6E*1G2L9:.M72L


M


4_'9
MH
E

MK$U+_+V42Y
J

3(Q
C(Y







M**#-'!Y-#@XGQX=5J&2SAK$6C)?HX6*PJO1LAN
$HQF$A*L
@SD\.GHC02`J





M0:W&%=1+3Y299?3*)*.B(/;PW

$[CW53C#


MVCY`R8G/?14A6EQ3$?LAA;#2DY:HC-(_/*A+_S9=K0#9


M)@C4GM3NJ%6=M.H2H\4=9`=X
TOET$.:9?RZ+F
&/$JNH]G.W&UWX+&[V6Y`
M8);C=ZK9SKWV%-DX$CO*\PRO5F&2S;LH.
-\;PN17YE3[21LB=(L\^_K



MI?LF#F6G`WW;


MH^@W=!#G3MBN2T0?_&8M4;QY10-\52B;R`_K1Q7IJ+I+(9_I/3/]_?V]F0S
MM%F\BI.O1.1EF$9Q=A(G'1@D@23:%&72C1$[V;9$91:TXMDKL+(K;VDTGJG

8Y[!.%Y7V4M

M8OA&K=A9


P
SN;LA4NL_P5'V0UY&P4

8P

MMFT4\[
%


&]=26B+V

#)EVVF
V(K*4OT6_*V+LJF:68**+[!$DZ4EB*.1K%UFK.-
M\4-T[



M-


QW*.

MW&H

`E7\
M9P5.3R#U

89=R@#*X;DGKLR

:




'1



7_CGE\Z9+I$6YT4]Q;S



JCN#7S



MPLYSB1G%VPADEK#N#6-9P@*MG.'MNLSP-@K91LB*;%I9DRVAS&)NE[%OM`('


C^



4;JA#FVVCA#L4X\8:Q__!UGRY@-.G8


M`_*.'`+(D[+1T!^ARQ@HTG,S15?+7-+JW

M


M8


4Y@M=`!M




]^N

A?9=7*&W^^

IO

MM;.[`
X&.KJK7C3D-D$XXPB8E2G_CD\WXB8JJ?E_C+XPR_@EG-*U)$!**%





KPWSY#F^DZ2V/VY
M-1
CAL#J)KM:/T-F9$\'+&ZR8[B$H49^[:(9)QG:\#*QB3E;09PDM#BH[K!O

W;#$XR0:+)P!-O.B$QE&&
M;'L#V\R']MNDL^R$?'GW!*ZLK.7UM;\%FX'5G3Y1;ZGGB3(0WUW62-&;_
M4K,XH6KX3
B]

MO09OYD177$ZRYC:D6CRGNQF4R(Y8:3/$@T*IDNNVV29&#87Y);&-2OX^9&?1



VXR1#


3U+?H(DD23&\!4QZ5A]_[1
M#^/

!

MBP;2J8&YFDM2UO2T+L3F*H[*B


M;7UPR
NOJ^EPI)-5C:&D+W7(/I(Z6#.+U!(GK2$IRQ1@H78

*5]I4?Q&4JW$3

'R**2
MA==41Z9EG3[G$XE%+ROWK!NDHZWDDERNR`*@\
\\UJM=4&%MT]0'AY/;JBP\


M0+UMFB=X39D3))VO:_P?ABH..3_JO:P/8GVQN^
BI'W


&&5VB-^M$=








*0*ZD[GE
5':]NVVF]V+<=

L

V_CKLIAGR=PYDT4K?V$V/^#=
M
YFU\26S6`[GR-_**%_.RK8G[/%'^G

M0

RF!OI-J4YX*P2)9QCQ[E(Z65*&

B
M:C2RS$A%)DQV^HJJ^35WW



55P2

65)JM&#Y[.GB1_=?69_`XS7.PMAC
MF?!!T;Z(\





#$R
3(R.5]C86PN





 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExerciseFactor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsDiscountForPostvestingRestrictions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramNumberOfSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeNumberOfSharesRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeNumberOfSharesRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramAggregatePurchasePriceAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeSharesRepurchasedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_StockRepurchaseProgramCumulativeSharesRepurchasedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_QuarterlyFinancialInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLegalSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesEffectOnBasicEarningsPerShareOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncomeAllocatedToEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionNonvested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanBasisUsedToDetermineOverallExpectedLongTermRateOfReturnsOnAssetsAssumption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingPlanAssetsExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingPlanAssetsExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingPlanAssetsExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingPlanAssetsExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfDefinedBenefitPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanEmployeeContributionAge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedContributionPlanMatchingPercentOfCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedContributionPlanMatchingPercentOfCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanEmployeeContributionAge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedContributionPlanMatchingPercentOfCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitContributionPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedContributionPlanMatchingPercentOfCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfDefinedBenefitPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfPostRetirementPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_MinimumNumberOfEmployeeWorkingHoursRequiredToBeEligibleToParticipateInFourZeroOneKPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansGeneralInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfDefinedBenefitPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfMultiemployerPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansWithdrawalObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredEmploymentPeriodForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanQualifyingAge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_RequiredCustomaryEmploymentTimeForEligibilityOfEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_DefinedBenefitPlanCoveragePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_NumberOfDefinedBenefitPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareDilutedByCommonClassTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductLiabilityContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionContingentConsiderationPotentialCashPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_ServicePeriodForOtherCommitmentsRelatedToBreweryAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_OtherCommitmentsRelatedToBreweryAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueWithinOneYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueInFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueInFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_InventoryDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sam_InventoryDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9#8V,S9D85]F,F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W,#(U
M,&%E9C0V8F0B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
M
#(U







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H


O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$



M968]



#I%





O4VAE



#I.86UE/D-O;6UI=&UE;G1S
M7V%N9%]#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T
M4V]U<F-E($A2968],T0B5V]R:W-H965T<R]3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE970R
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(

O4VAE970R






M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^5F%L
M=6%T:6]N7V%N9%]1=6%L:69Y:6YG7T%C8V]U/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z




M+U-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@






M968]

M

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O

O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS




M


\+W@Z





T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O




O4VAE970T.2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS

#I.86UE/E!R


O4VAE970U



O4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC
#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE

#I.86UE/E)E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N<U]T


O


#I.

#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K<VAE970^





M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7






M($A2968]
5]O9E]3=&]C:U]/<'1I;VYS7W5N9&5R/]X.DYA;64^



M='
O4VAE970W


M:&5E='



O4VAE970W-2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E
#I.






M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M968]


M






V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T
M7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T





]


]
M

]


]


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P

M
34L(#(P
3
\8G(^0V]M;6]N($-L87-S($$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`Q-2P@
C`Q

@

]


]


]



]



]



T1T;W`^06UE;F1M


C`Q


]



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L
M(%EE87(@1F]C=7


]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M=!.86UE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y3U-43TX@
M0D5%4B!#3R!)3D






]


]


]



]


]

]
T1P

]


]


]








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@
'0^3&%R9V4@





@1FQO870\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
3`L-C`P+#`P


]


]


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@









]

T1)1#!%451!1SX-




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






M87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q


]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#(S



]

]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#
V




]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
S8S/'-P86X^

]




M;7`^


]


]








]



]



]

C@L

3@L.#`V/'-P









M



]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#0V









30L











]
T1N=6UP/C$S


]




]


G

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(W






]
T1R



]

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]T





#


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R



L(&5X

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO


T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP













BPW
#`L


]
M
T1N=6UP/C@L-S$T+#DS

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!S:&%R97


]
T1N=6UP
M/C@L-S$T+#DS


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N($-L87-S($(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N
M(%-T;V-K+!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

#`L




]
T1N=6UP/C0L
3`W+#



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@;W5T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L
3`W+#

#0N:'1M










]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

C4L(#(P
3`\8G(^



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-34X+#(X
M

M86QI9VX]



]
T1N=6UP/C0U+#(X




C(R/'-P

M+#`P


]

C8U+#`Q


S




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U-BPS




]
T1N=6UP/C$V.2PS


C8Q

M
3

]

\

]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#0X-3QS


M




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R


M



3@P+#DQ


]
T1R



]
M


M9VX]

]


]
T1N=6T^*#DX

M86QI9VX]


M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-34I/'-P86X^


]

3`S+#4P



T1T



]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#0T




]
T1N=6UP/C8V+#`U


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-XV/'-P86X^/]S





]











]

\











]


T1T;W`^

]
T1T97AT


T1T





M+6%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
@+2!B87-I8SPO=&0^




M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&0V-C
V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A

O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M='

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^5&]T86P\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^0V]M;6]N($-L87-S($$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^0V]M;6]N($-L87-S($(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@

M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^06-C=6UU;&%T960@



^#0H@

M8F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#(V+`R
#`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






M9VX]

M+B`R-BP@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0L
3`W+#`P


]


T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]


]


M+#
T-B!I;B`R







]




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M;G5M/B@Q+#$P
2PW

2PQ
#(L


]


]



]



]


]


C`Q
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M96


]
T1N=6UP/C$R
BPP

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T




#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C8V+#`U.3QS

]

M:6X@
C`Q
BP@)#4L
S0V(&EN(#(P
3$@86YD(0S+#`Q-!I;B`R



]








]






I/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W-C`L
#


#`I/'-P86X^






M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V
BPX









]
T1N=6T^*#0P



N(#

]




N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]T



]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
T1P

C`Q
BP@)#4L
S0V(&EN(#(P
3$@86YD(0S
M+#`Q-!I;B`R


]


]




L(&EN8VQU









]

M86QI9VX]



]


]




]
T1N=6T^




M;3XH
3@L


]




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0U+#`Y
3QS



]
T1R8SX-B`@(`@

I(&%T($1E8RX@
CDL(#(P


]
T1N=6UP/C@L-S`T+#`P


]


]






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4Q0D%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

C4L(#(P
3`\

M=&EO;G



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A
M-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z





]

M=W


^

M
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R






]
M




]





]
T1N=6UP


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!O9B!L;VYG+6QI=F5D


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q








]
T1N=6UP/C
L


@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70@9G)O;2!S



]
M

M1&YU;7`^

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T-3


]


]


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


#4I/'-P86X^

RPQ-C$I

M



]



]
M
T1N=6T^*#(L

T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='




S(I/'-P86X^




T1T;W`^
M3W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97


]

M;7`^.34L
S





@=7-E


]


]


]



]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


@86YD(&]T:&5R(&EN=&%N
M9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q




]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!D:7-P




]
T1N=6T^*#8W+#
R


3



]









T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]









M




M(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]

]

M+#0V


]

]
M






]









]



T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D/@T*


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\X9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U
&%E9C0V8F0O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M




]


4^#0H\
M='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T




'!X

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

4




4

M
#%$.R!A;F0@)B-X


40[(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X



C`Q




M

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

M






]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y$96


\+W1D/@T*


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$





#$R







T0R/CQB/CQI/E!R:6YC:7!L
M97




M92!W:&]L;'DM;W=N960N($%L;`T*:6YT97)C;VUP86YY('1R86YS86-T:6]N



M




M=F4[($)/5%1/33H@

M

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



N(%1H

M8F]R871I=F4-G=H:6-H(&ES(&-O;7!R:7-E9!O9B!4:&4@5')A=F5L97(@

M='EP97




@;V8-




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-05)'



M;&5N='
-F%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,CDL(#(P,3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B-X03`[,S$L(#(P,3$@:6YC;'5D960@8V%S:`T*;VXM:&%N9!A;F0@;6]N



M;G1S('1H870@:7



@8V]M


M9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3(@86YD

2P@
C`Q




M0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G
#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY&:6YA;F-I86P\
M+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]


M9&ET('%U86QI='D-F9I;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T:71U=&EO;G
N($%S(&]F($1E
M8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
CDL(#(P







M:6YI;6EZ960@87


#$Y.W
@8W5S=&]M97(@8F%S


@86YD(&]T:&5R(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N+B!4:&5R



3`E(&]F('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)B-X

M(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P







#LR.2P@
M
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
2X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD-
MF1E=&5R;6EN97,@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@:71S(&9I;F%N8VEA;!A



C`Q0SM&

4
[05-#)B-X


M
4
[05-#(#@R


M96YS97





T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@


T0R/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S


M;F0@9FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'





@






















M


M=&@]
T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE
M860@+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
F4],T0R/DME9W,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T0R/DUA8VAI


M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/DQE87-E:&]L9!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]





M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-2!T;R`R


M


T0G




@86YD('!A8VMA9V5D(&)E







@86YD('!A;&QE
M='



@;V8@:V5G







M;R!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N($EN(#(P
3`L('1H92!#;VUP





M;VX@=&\@97-T:6UA=&4@=&AE#0IP:'ES:6-A;!C;W5N=!O9B!K96=S(&%N


C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@

M='



S$L(#(P
3$L
2!F;W(@<F5F






#%#.T-I

M=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@:6X@3F]V96UB97(@
C`P



@


M86QU92!O9B!I='


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\:3Y





@;V8@9&5T97)M


L('=H96X@



MF1E=&5R;6EN92!T:&%T('-H;W)T97(@97-T:6UA=&5D('5S969U;!L:79E

M24XM5$]0.B`Q


T0R/D9A



@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@


M=7)E(&]P97)A=&EN9R!R97-U;'1S.R`H
BDF(WA!

M='

I)B-X03`[=6YD97)U=&EL:7IA=&EO;B!O

M9'5C='


@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0-D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$Q+CPO





T0R/CQB/CQI/DEN8V]M
M90T*5&%X97

M

F4]
M



M960@=&%X97


@;V8@979E;G1S('1H870@:&%V92!B

C`Q.3MS(&-O;G-O



L(&]T:&5R('1H


M;&]W86YC97



M(&-O;7!L97@@=&%X(')E9W5L871I;VYS(&EN('-E=F5R86P@9&EF9F5R96YT


M:6]D:6-A;&QY(')E=FEE=V5D(&)Y#0IT87@@875T:&]R:71I97

M:6YG('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@=&%X97
@9'5E+B!4:&5S92!R979I97=S#0II

M=6YT(&]F(&1E9'5C=&EO;G
@86YD#0IT:&4@86QL;V-A=&EO;B!O9B!I;F-O

@5&]P:6

@9F]R


@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC
M92!W:71H('1H870-G-T86YD87)D+CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X



4


M;&%T97



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-05)'24XM







M=6-T('-A;&5S(&%T('1H92!T:6UE('=H96X@=&AE('!R;V1U8W0@:7

L





#LR.2P@
C`Q
BP@







M97(@97AP96YS90T*:6YC=7)R960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8V]U;&0@9&EF


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-



M96YS97

@86YD








M;&4]








M(0S-BXS#0IM:6QL:6]N+`D
S$N





T0R/CQB/CQI/D%D




M86YD(&)E;F5F:70@97AP96YS97


@;V8@

@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q
#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

C`Q






7!X

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





@86YD#0II




M86T@8V]S='





M-2TU


-G!A:60@=&\@8W5S
M=&]M97)S('1O=&%L960@)#(X+C$@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#(V+C4@;6EL;&EO;B!A
M;F0@)#(V+C`-FUI;&QI;VX@:6X@9FES8V%L('EE87(@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A
M;F0@
C`Q





@


@:6X@9FES8V%L('EE87)S(#(P
M
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P








M=&EV:71I97


L#0IT:&5S92!A





M=&%I;FUE;G0N($%M;W5N='








L('-A;&5S(&EN
M8V5N=&EV97

L('-A;7!L97
@86YD(&UE9&EA







L(')E;G0@86YD('5T:6QI='D@97AP96YS97







M(W@R




M('-T871E;65N='



M=&@@=&AE(&5X8V5P=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@






T0R/CQB/CQI
#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY87-I8R!N970@:6YC;VUE('!E<B!S:&%R90T*:7
@8V%L



@

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&4]






'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;F-E('=I=&@@05-##0I4;W!I8R`T

M86YD($5N=FER;VYM96YT86P@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G


M8V]S='






'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!*=6QY(#(P
3(L

#%#.T%3
M50T*
C`Q
BTP


@=&\@=7-E




M(&]F#0IA;B!I;F1E9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@:7
@


M;'5E(&]F('1H92!I;F1E9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970-

M52`R
#$R+3`R(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@9FES8V%L('EE87)S#0IB96=I


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9#8V
S9D85]F
M
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M96YT;W)I97



]

4^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I
M9'1H/3-$-4@86QI9VX]


T0R/CQB/D


#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






#$Y.W


CDL(#(P
M








M9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0W
R4^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

#LS
2P\8G(@+SX-
MC(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!







T0R/B8C

M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY7;W)K(&EN('!R;V-E

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU



M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
M+#(Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CY




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/B@Q+#0Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P
#`P(#%P

T1B;W1T






T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C
T+#`W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]



7!X)SX-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\


#L\


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!








]

T1)1#!%



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^#0H\=&%B;&4@


M

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS





T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'


T0P('=I
M9'1H/3-$-S8E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-S
E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^

T1B


#LR.2P\+V(^


C`Q

M

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M(&-O;'-P86X]








M



M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!





M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);F-O;64@
M=&%X97




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT




F4],T0R/C<L-S8R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#4X.3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O








T0R/C(P
3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXS.#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXV+#8R.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T1B;W1T;VT^


M9VX]

#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T
M-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAD-C8S-F1A7V8R









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]


T0P('=I9'1H
M/3-$



M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M+4)/5%1/33H@


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
F4],T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,CDL/&)R(\^
M#0HR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/BA);@T*=&AO

M(&)G8V]L;W(]



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ.#,L.#(X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DME
M9W
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT


M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C(T+#(T.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]



M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M


65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/9F9I8V4@97%U:7!M96YT(&%N



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXQ,BPU.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU






M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


#`P



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



S$P+#8X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR-#4L,S(V/]F


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



@86-C

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,#$L-S0P/]F


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3@Y+#DT.#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1#(^
30S+#4X-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]



7!X)SX-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\+W`^



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!


G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P


T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D#0ID97!R96-I871I

C`N
B!M
M:6QL:6]N+`T*)#$X+C$@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#$W+C
@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!F

@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\:3Y);7!A:7)M96YT
M(&]F#0I


'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2P@86YD#0HR

@;V8@)#`N
2!M
M:6QL:6]N+`D,XW#0IM:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@)#`N,R!M:6QL:6]N+!R97-P




M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

M






]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P

M/3-$=&]P/D=O;V1W:6QL/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

05!313H@8V]L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I
F4],T0R/CQB/D8N/]B/CPO9F]N

M1#(^/&(^1V]O9'=I;&P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L






2!<F5W:6YG($-O;7!A;GDN

M960@=&\@9V]O9'=I;&PN(%-E92!.;W1E($T@9F]R#0ID971A:6QS(&]N('1H
M:7


M


M03`[
CDL(#(P



M1=3U)$15(M0T]

T0P(&-E;&QS


M
T1C96YT97(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
F4],T0Q/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4@870\
M8G(@+SX-D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-CQF


T0Q/CQB/C(P

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#(@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@<VEZ93TS1#$^/&(^

#LR.2P\8G(@+SX-C(P
M,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C$L

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


BPU

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?
M86$U-E\W
#(U

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q


]


T0Q
#`E/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CX\8CY'+CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/CQB/D%C8W)U960@17AP96YS97
@86YD#0I/








M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R
M)B-X03`[


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
F4],T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N





3XF(WA!
M




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-2PX,#4\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

-F%N9!R96EM8G5R

M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4]
T0R



T0R/CDL-C


T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D%D=F5R=&ES






T0R/C@L

T1B
F4]
M,T0R/C8L-S@X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#@P
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#$P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!8V-R
M=65D(&5X8VES90T*=&%X97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
F4],T0R/C(L-#DQ/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O








T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]



T0G





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



T1B




T1T;W`^#0H\








T0R/C$Q+#DY
SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\

T0C

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


#`P

T1B


M)SXF(WA!


34N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C


M;'-P86X]


M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

M
4^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-4@86QI9VX]
M











#$R*2!O

C$E
M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
CDL#0HR
#$R*2!P;'5S(#`N-#4E+B!4:&4@

@86X@86YN=6%L(&-O;6UI=&UE;G0@9F5E(&]F#0HP





M


T0R/E1H97)E(&%R92!A


@;W(@












M;7!L;WEE97

I)B-X03`[




M;B!T:&4@979E;G0@;V8@82!D969A=6QT('1H870@:&%S#0IN;W0@8F5E;B!C


M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!*=6YE(#(P
3(L('1H

M



T0G34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4


M8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P


#`@87)E#0ID=64@86YN=6%L;'D@8F5G:6YN
M:6YG(&]N($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P

M#0HD-C(X+#`P


-

38N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$



CDL(#(P
M



M;W)D97(]


M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-


C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF




M93TS1#(^1F5D97)A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD



M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F




M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1#(^

M=&4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#`P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXU+#@P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+#4P-3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





#`P
#`P(#%P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\


M



M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS-RPV






M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C(L

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C
L.3



M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
30P

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C4S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P



T1T



M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#$S.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


S8L




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M





P
#`P
#`@



#`P
M

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\





T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$.#$E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\+V(^



M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR

MCPA+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y

65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO







T0G1D].

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+C$\+V9O



M;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG


T0R/B@R+CD\+V9O;G0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1T;W`^#0H\



M97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
XW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


XV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M


C`Q


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G





T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M;&4]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


T0R/C$N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


M86QI9VX]

#`P



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS-RXW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE


S8N
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

M





#`P
M

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\


M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M



T0G1D].


#$Y
M.W

@87)E(&%S




B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P




T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/CQB/D1E

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

F4],T0R/D%C8W)U960@97AP
M96YS97,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
BPT

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
F5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3=&]C:RUB87-E

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXW+#$P-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV+#`U.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-
F4],T0R/C(L-S8R/]F


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C(L


M93TS1#(^3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#(V
SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\
M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E1O=&%L(&1E

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M;&4]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/C$R+#DR
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO



SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

T1B






-FYE=!O9B!V86QU871I

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C$R+#
W-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O






3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97
\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L






T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

X.#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT

M
#`P

T1B


M;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M9VX]


T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,C4L,S8S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G1D].


M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1#(^*#$R+#DX-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]




P
#`P
#`@
W!X


M5$]0.B`C
#`P









M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\+V(^



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU


T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG



T0R/B0\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#DS-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M



M93TS1#(^)B-X





M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY$96-R96%S97

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU


T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@870@96YD(&]F#0IY96%R



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ
M+#(V,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT




T0R/C$L.3
U



P
#`P
#`@

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#$Q(&%R92!P;W1E;G1I
M86P@;F5T(&)E;F5F:71S(&]F(0Q+C$@;6EL;&EO;@T*86YD(0Q+C8@;6EL

!B96YE9FET<R!A<F4-FEN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&%C8W)U
M960@97AP96YS97



!R971U<FYS


C`Q.3MS('-T
M871U=&4@;V8@;&EM:71A=&EO;G
N($EN#0IA9&1I=&EO;BP@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:7



T0G


M871I;VX@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@
C`P-R!A;F0@




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;6%Y(&EN8W)E87-E(&]R#0ID96-R96%S92!I
M;B`R


M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W







^


M1$E$


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
\+W1D


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)3X-


\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/]T


T0G1D].


3`V+C@@;6EL;&EO;B!A=`T*1&5C96UB
M97(F(WA!
#LR.2P@
C`Q

@87)E(&UA9&4@






M($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
CDL(#(P

@
M87)E)B-X03`[(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$.#4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$.24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-
F4],T0Q/CQB/BA);@T*=&AO
M=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/CPA+2T@0F5G



C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M93TS1#(^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A


T0R/C4L.3


C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C



C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C$L-C


M93TS1#(^
C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A



30[


F4]
M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


#`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#






C`Q
B!T;W1A;&5D


M97



@;6EN:6UU;2!A;F0@;6%X:6UU;2!P=7)C
M:&%S90T*8V]M;6ET;65N='




2P@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3(@=&]T




M:&4@;F]R;6%L(&-O=7)S92!O9B!I='

L('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M#0IH87
@:&ES=&]R:6-A;&QY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!V87)I;W5S('!R;V1U

L('1H90T*0V]M




#$Y.W

M;7!A;GD@:7
@86QS;R!O8FQI9V%T960@=&\@;65E=!A;FYU86P@=F]L=6UE
M#0IR97%U:7)E;65N=',@:6X@8V]N:G5N8W1I;VX@=VET:!C97)T86EN('!R
#(P




M;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W


M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X









-F]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R
#$R+B!497)M






@9&%T97


!M:6QL:6]N+`D

3$@86YD(#(P
3`L
6QE/3-$




M
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\+W`^


M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B
M;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H\='(@8F=C


T0G


M9VX]




M/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]








M9VX]



M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\
M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\:3Y


M=&AE($AI9V@@1F%L;'


M

C`Q.3MS('!R;V1U



C`Q

M
4
[87)B:71R871I;VXF(W@R










C`Q
P@
M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9FEL960@86X@86YS=V5R('1O('1H870-F-O;7!L86EN
M=!A;F0@87-S97)T960@8V5R=&%I;B!C;W5N=&5R8VQA:6US+!I;F-L=61I



C`Q
2P@




3(@=&AE(&-O=7)T(&1E



M;R!H879E(&$@;6%T97)I86P@861V97)S92!E9F9E8W0@;VX@:71S#0IF:6YA




T0R/CQB/CQI/D5N=FER;VYM





M:7



M=6YD(&=R86YT#0HH)B-X
C`Q0SM#3U)&($=R86YT)B-X




&EM871E;'D@)#`N
R!M:6QL:6]N('1O('1H92!#




M=!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT+!N970L(&EN('1H90T*86-C;VUP86YY:6YG(&-O



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M
40[*2X@5&AE($-I='D@=V%S(&%W87)D960@82!#;&5A;B!/:&EO#0I2979I
M=&%L:7IA=&EO;B!&=6YD(&=R86YT(@F(W@R,#%#.T-/4D8@24D@1W)A;G0F
M(W@R,#%$.RD@86YD('=I;&P-G!R;W9I9&4@9G5N9'
@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A


C8S+#`P







RPP





M(&]F(&UA;F%G96UE;G0L(&AA=F4@80T*;6%T97)I86P@861V97)S92!E9F9E
M8W0@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W




C4P865F-#9B



]
T1R97!O




]

4^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M('=I9'1H/3-$-4@86QI9VX]





'!X

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY/;@T*07!R:6PF(WA!





M

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%





@=&\@=&AE#0I#;VUP



#@N#0I4






M33H@

T0P('=I9'1H
M/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D
M(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3,E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]





M/3-$

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY#:&%N9V5S(&EN/&)R

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N



3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D5X
M8VES92!T87@-F-R961I=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E)E8V%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG



M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A


M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO



T1B;W1T;VT@

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M




M.B`C
#`P

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

#`P

M9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B@Q

M

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





M97)V97

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]


T0Q/CQB/D-H86YG97
@:6X\

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]


M8V5M8F5R(#

C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(

M/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,S0X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-C0\

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR-34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/B@S
#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@

T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M




#`P
#`P(#%P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\

M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#@Y,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B@R

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@



M



M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@

M9VX]

M9VX]

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`@



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%


E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,#D\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M;6%T97



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY2



M8G(@+SX-C(P,3`\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM





T1B;W1T;VT@



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXQ,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT




T0R/B@Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R





T1B;W1T


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,34X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI


C`Q-#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M1#(^)B-X


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@





M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


T0R/B8C


0T*<F5S97)V97,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#0R
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M


BPW.38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT

M
#`P

T1B



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#`P

M9VX]

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS







M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M

T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT^

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


#`P



@8F]T=&QE#0IS







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9#8V
S9D85]F
M
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


]

T0Q
#`E/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CX\8CY,+CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI
M9VX]





M;&4]

M#0IP86ED('1O('1R86YS9F5R(&$@;&EA8FEL:71Y(&EN(&%N(&]R9&5R;'D@

M:6YT;R!T:')E92!L979E;'

M;VX@=VET:&EN('1H92!H:65R87)C:'D@=7!O;B!T:&4@;&]W97-T(&QE=F5L









#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@


M







M
4^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M


C`R
CL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M







#L\

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S






T0G





G!X.R!-05)'24XM





M;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]2


M9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT


30@86QI9VX]
M



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L(#$\+V(^



M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY
979E;`R/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/]T


65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1#(^)B-X

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M

F4]
T0Q
M/CQB/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`T*
C`Q


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY
979E;`Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L(#


B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY4;W1A;#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L

M;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




T0R/C0Q+#DP-SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


C`Q-#L\+V9O;G0^

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
2PY


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X



M





#$S.R!L:69E(&EN



M:65D('=I=&AI;B!

M:7
@86YD('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%D:G5S='

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#87-H



@;F]T(')E8V]R
M9&5D(&%T(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:6X@=&AE#0IC;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC
M:6%L('-T871E;65N='



'!X.R!&


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C8E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
CDL#0HR

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
F4],T0Q/CQB/DQE
M=F5L(#$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M3&5V96P@
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
F4],T0Q/CQB
M/E1O=&%L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D

\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




T0R/B8C



M


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

C`Q-#L\

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
C@\+V9O;G0^


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;G0^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CYE=F%L=6%T97






M96YT(&-H87)G92!O;B!I='


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=6%T97




#M$

C`Q



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

M






]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


]




M1=3U)$15(M0T]

T0P(&-E;&QS


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$






@;V8@4V]U=&AE

2!A9V=R96=A=&4@<'5R8VAA
M<V4-G!R:6-E(&]F(0Q+CD@;6EL;&EO;BP@=VAI8V@@:6YC;'5D97,@82!P
M87EM96YT(&]F(0Q-3`L
#`P(&UA9&4@:6X-DIU;F4@,C`Q,B!A;F0@82!P
M87EM96YT(&]F(0R
#`L
#`P('1O(&)E(&UA9&4@:6X@36%R8V@@
C`Q
RX@






T0G34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@

M:6YG('!R96QI;6EN87)Y#0IV86QU871I;VX@87-S97-S;65N='
@;V8@=&%N


T0V.4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0X.24^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

M9VX]




M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E1R861E
M(&YA;64\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY';V]D=VEL;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M



M






T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU




T1B
F4]
M,T0R/C$L.3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!





M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR,#`\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!S



T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!






M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M

T1B

2!H87,@
M87-S:6=N960@86X-FEN9&5F:6YI=&4@;&EF92!T;R!T:&4@86-Q=6ER960@
M=')A9&4@;F%M92!A;F0@=&AE(')E;&%T960@=F%L=64@:7


M('1H:7
@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@:7

M:6YC;'5D960@:6X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W









;W



$$P

M
S$L(#(P


C$N:'1M






]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&%N
M9!3:&%R92U87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]

T0G0D]21$52+4-/


M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

M

M;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@86YD#0I3:&%R92U87-E
M9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L

2DF(WA!












M('9O=&EN9R!R:6=H='


@;V8@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W








M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X

M($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W


@0B!#








M($-L87-S)B-X03`[02!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@87

M9&5N9'

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\:3Y%;7!L;WEE92!3=&]C:PT*0V]M


M1#(^5&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

4
[17%U:71Y(%!L86XF(W@R
#%$.RD-













M
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$






#$Q(&%N9`T*
C`Q

P@,C(X+#(P
M,!A;F0-C8U+#$P,!S:&%R97

M87-S($$@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K('1O#0IE;7!L;WEE97
@870@;6%R:V5T('!R



@86YD#0HS
2PU




3
L
M










M
#(P


M86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(0U.XX

M


M

@
M=F5S=&EN9R!O;B!*86YU87)Y)B-X03`[


G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-




F(W@R
#$Y

#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R
M


@86YD(&ME



M
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@17%U:71Y(%!L86X@86QS;R!H87



M86QU92!O9B`P)2!T;R`T
4L#0IB87-E9!O;B!T:&4@96UP;&]Y964F(W@R
M
#$Y.W

M97


#$Q(&%N
M9`R,#$P+!E;7!L;WEE97

3(L.3@U(&%N9`R,PS.3(@:6YV97-T;65N


G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P



M


2PU



T0G1D].









T0R/CQB/CQI/DYO;BU%;7!L;WEE92!$:7)E






4

M86XF(W@R


N(%-T;V-K(&]P
M=&EO;G



#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R
#$P



@;V8@0VQA



M
S

@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
CDL(#(P


3D[('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@87)E(')E='5R;F5D('1O('1H




@=6YD97(@


M
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\+W`^


M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY3:&%R
M97



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY796EG
M:'1E9T\8G(@+SX-D%V97)A9V4\8G(@+SX-D5X97)C:7-E/&)R(\^#0I0

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`T*
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C$L.3`X+#8V-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M9VX]



T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#
N-C$\

65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
F5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&;W)F96ET960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-PU-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXY-2XP.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(W@R,#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1#(^
C
N

M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1T;W`^#0H\




2PW
3@L



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$T.PV.#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\


M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE
M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`T*
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXS-BXW
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT+C8T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$





P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]








M86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT




T0R/C$S
RPV
M

M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`@



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P











L.#8T


@02!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VLL('=H:6-H('9E

BXP

M
2P@





M;!Y96%R(#(P,3(L(#(P,3$L(&%N9`R







M#0IT:&ES('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!I;B!T:&4@9FES8V%L('EE87)S(#(P
3(L
M(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P

@9W)A;G1E9!T
M;R!T:&4@0VAI968-D5X96-U=&EV92!/9F9I8V5R(&EN(#(P
#4@=V]U;&0@


M+CD@;6EL;&EO;@T*:6X@=&AE(&9O=7)T:!Q=6%R=&5R(&]F(#(P,#DN($EN
M(&QA=&4@07!R:6P@,C`Q,P@=&AE($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;@T*0V]M;6ET=&5E


#$P+!C;VYC;'5D960@=&AA=!O;F4@;V8@

3(P+#`P


C`Q








T0R/CQB/CQI/E-T

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]4









'!X.R!&


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A


F4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

F4],T0Q/CQB/B@U,PT*=V5E
M:W,I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D%M;W5N='
@:6YC;'5D




T1B;W1T;VT@



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXR+#(S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




T0R/C$L
M


T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXT+#`W-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#DT
CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





T1B;W1T;VT^

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A


M86QI9VX]

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M



T0R/B0\

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O


MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@






M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




7!X)SX-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M

T1B;W1T;VT^




G!X.R!-05)'24XM


T0Q
#`E/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXJ/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



@-S$X+`T*=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=7-E




@:70@





C`Q
BP-C(P,3$@86YD
M(#(P,3`@=V%S(0T-2XP



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!


M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C8E
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T



C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T


T0R/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M;&4]


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]



2XX-CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R





T0R/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS+C8U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M93TS1#(^)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXR+CD@=&EM97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C(N

M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF



M)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


T0R/C$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G






M8F%S960@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W





@



'!E<FEE;F-E+CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3D[

@:7


T0G1D].



L#0IC;VUP96YS871I;VX@



T0G




T0R/E5N9&5R($%30R`W
M

@

M;VUP86YY)B-X




T0G4$]3251)3TXZ(')E
M;&%T:79E.R!3U143TTZ(#`N.&5X.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F%S96QI


M97AP96YS92!R96QA=&5D('1O#0IT:&]S92!A=V%R9'




M979I97=S('1H:7






#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R
#$P('=A


3$N-B!M:6QL:6]N



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52


M/3-$.#DE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^
M#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/CPA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@0F]D


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M86QI9VX]




RPT
#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M;&4]




M1#(^

M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T0G



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
RPW


#`P
#`P(#-P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!A
M9&1I=&EO;BP@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(-C(Y+`R





M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G




@=F5S=&EN9R!A8W1I


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X


3$%04T4Z



M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M



B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DYO
M;BUV97-T960@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L#0HR

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C


M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU



M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A





T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DYO;BUV97-T960@870@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL
M#0HR

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N








P
#`P
M
#`@









M(0R-S4N,!M:6QL:6]N#0IT;R`D






T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P

M9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN
M(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W

M8F5R(&]F/&)R(\^#0I3:&%R97,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB

M145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G



M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3(Q+#`Y
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P

\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$P
2PW



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT

M
#`P

T1B


M;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV
M,BPX,C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M13H@
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


2P-C(P,3$\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXQ,PU
S$L-3




38U+#$Y
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ.PP-#8\+V9O

T1B;W1T

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D

3(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M
PV.38L-S,Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
C8Y+#DT
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-CPO

C(N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M

M86X]

#$R



M:#TS1#$P
4^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-4@
M86QI9VX]



T0G

M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M('!L86YS(&-O=F5R:6YG('-U8G-T86YT:6%L;'D@86QL(&YO;BUU;FEO;B!E
M;7!L;WEE97





N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B-X



@86YD#0IT;R!T:&4@0V]M



@=&\@=&AE('1W;R!M

M
S4L
#`P(&EN(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P

M1'5R:6YG#0HR

PP,#`@=VAI8V@@:7,@:6YC;'5D960-FEN
M(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97

M9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E=`T*87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.2P@
M
C`Q

T0G34%2


T0R/E1H

M
4
[0F]S=&]N($)E97(@-#`Q*&LI(%!L86XF(W@R
#%$.RDL('=H:6-H('=A

3DY
RP@:7
@82!#






@;&EM:71A=&EO;G
N($%F=&5R('1H92!S:7AT:!M;VYT:!O



#`P(&]F('1H92!E


#$Y.W
@


#$Q(&%N9`R
M,#$P+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES#0IR97-P;VYS:6)L


2AK*2!0;&%N+B!3
M=6-H(&9E97




4
[4T%00B`T


#%#.U-!4$(F(W@R
#%$.RDN($%L;!E;7!L;WEE97,@;V8-E-!


@869T97(@8V]M;65N8VEN


M;R!)4E
@;&EM:71A=&EO;G


@;V8@=&AE($-O;G1R
M86-T(&]F(%-A;&4@=VET:!$:6%G96\@3F]R=&@-D%M97)I8V$L($EN8RX@



M:&\@=V5R92!S=6)S97%U96YT;'D@:&ER960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9F]R

#$Y
M.W
@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N('1O('1H90T*4T%00B`T
#$H:RD@4&QA;B!A;6]U


2AK*2!0;&%N+B!3=6-H(&9E97
@87)E

M87)Y)B-X03`[
2P@
C`Q

#$H:RD@4&QA;BX\



6QE/3-$)TU!

M;&4]


M0R`T

40[*2P@:7




@;&EM:71A=&EO;G
N








M24XM5$]0.B`Q


T0R/CQF



M+7-P;VYS;W)E9!P96YS:6]N('!L86XL(%1H92!,;V-A;!5;FEO;B`C
3$Y

4
[
M3&]C86P@
3$Y.2!096YS:6]N(%!L86XF(W@R




34Q+#`P
P@)#4T,BPP
M,#`@86YD(0Q
#4L
#`P('1O#0IT:&ES('!L86X@:6X@9FES8V%L(#(P
3(L
M(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P




M




T0R/D$@

M;VX@96UP;&]Y965S('=H;R!H879E('9O;'5N=&%R:6QY(')E=&ER960@870-


#$Y.W





3$Y.2!A;F0@=&AE(&QO8V%L(%5N:6]N#0HC
C`@=&\@
M87-S:7-T('1H96T@=VET:!T:&4@8V]S=!O9B!-961I8V%R92!G87`@8V]V

M=!R871E(&]F(#0N,4@870@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3(L(#0N-24@870@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L#0HR
#$Q(&%N9`U+C4E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
M

M(%1H90T*969F96-T(&]F(&$@




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@







4@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U-R4^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^


M

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

30@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT



M(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

M9FES8V%L('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C(L




T1B;W1T;VT@



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(W@R,#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS
M+#`Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#4Y.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXU-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M
#`P



T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E5N

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD



M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH.#@X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXH-#@R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


#`P
M


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CY4:&4@3&]C86P@,3$Y.2!0;&%N(&EN=F5S=',-FEN(&$@9F%M:6QY


M96YT('=I=&@@=&AE(&9U;F1S)B-X
C`Q.3L@:6YV97-T;65N=`T*;V)J96-T



M5$]0.B`Q


T0R/CQF;VYT
F4]
M






M270@:7
@87-S=6UE9!T:&%T('1H92!,;V-A;`Q
3DY#0I0;&%N)B-X
C`Q



M=&EO;F%L(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@:7
@9VEV96X@=&\@=&AE('!L86XF(W@R
M
#$Y.W

#$R+`T+C4E(&EN#0HR,#$Q+!A;F0@-2XU)2!I;B`R
M

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CY4:&4@3&]C86P@,3$Y.2!0;&%N)B-X,C`Q.3MS#0IW96EG:'1E9UA=F5R




<^

3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R#0HR.2P\+V(^


C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
F4],T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R#0HS,2P\+V(^/]F


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL






M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO





M13H@
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W1A;#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/C$P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]










C4P865F



]
T1R



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

CDL(#(P




T0G


'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\

3


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@


T0R/E1H92!F;VQL;W=I


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X


M
T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M97(F(WA!





M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M


T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
M
F4],T0Q/CQB
M/B@U,PT*=V5E:W,I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/@T*
C`Q
#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CXH-3(-G=E

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXH:6X@



F4],T0R/DYE=!I
M;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C8V+#`U.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]



T0Q/B8C

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M

T1B



#`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P
M,`S<'@@9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

M06QL;V-A=&EO;B!O9B!N970@:6YC;VUE#0IF;W(@8F%S:6

T0Q

M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
$$P.T$@0V]M;6]N#0I3=&]C:SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C0P+#`P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M




M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.PY,3,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M



T0G1D].



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C$U+#`W-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M#0H\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV-BPP-3D\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C4P+#$T
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#DP-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
F5M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

F4]
T0R



T0R/C0L

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
F4],T0R/C0L,3`W/]F


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C0L

M=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
$$P.SPO<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P
M

M

#L\+W1D/@T*

T1T






T0R/C$R+#DQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXQ,RPP,3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
F5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=&]C:SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M






T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T1B;W1T;VT^


M9VX]

#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
F5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXT+C8P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXU+C`X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS+C8W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G

#`P
#`P(#-P

M86QI9VX]





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

#L\+W1D




M90T*9&EL=71I=F4@;V8@*#$I)B-X03`[=&AE('1R96%S=7)Y('-T;V-K(&UE







'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V







P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^



3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O



M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.V1A=&$I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M86QI9VX]





T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT,PP
#D\+V9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T1B;W1T



M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M86QI9VX]




M



3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
F5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3:&%R92UB



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


C8\+V9O;G0^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M93TS1#(^)B-X
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T


#`P



M97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E#0HM(&1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4],T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU.PY-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXT+C,Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\+W`^#0H\


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!




M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[
S$L
C`Q

M/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY%



M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF



3XF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS
M<&%N/3-$,3`@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&



M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9`M#0IB87-I8SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0R/C0U
M+#(P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!





65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C;VQO




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I








@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXR
PX-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF






M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU




M;&4]


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4]
T0R




3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S<'@@9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
M
#`P
#`@


M4BU#3TQ

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M:#TS1#8V)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]




M




T1B;W1T;VT^



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


3XF(WA!

M

M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]





M=&$I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N




\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


\+V9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C


M1#(^061D.B!E9F9E8W0@;V8@9&EL=71I=F4-G!O=&5N=&EA;!C;VUM;VX@



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXU-C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`R


T0R/D-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N#0I3=&]C:SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C0L

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@969F96-T(&]F('5N=F5S

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M86QI9VX]




M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]



T0G





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M





M86QI9VX]

#`P
#`P(#-P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

@;F5T

#$R+`T*
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q


@

F(WA!


@=&\@


P@,C$S+#`P,!A;F0@


F(WA!
#M!($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!W97)E(&]U='-T86YD:6YG

C`Q
BP@
C`Q
0T*86YD(#(P



@=V5R92!A

P-C8U+#`P
!A
M;F0@,3`P+#`P,!S:&%R97

F(WA!
#M!($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C

3(L(#(P
3$@
M86YD(#(P







M)B-X03`[02!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@=V5R92!N;W0@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@8V]M


M
CDL(#(P

Q+`R,#$Q+!R97-P96-T









]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@

M;'-P86X]


M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$











#$R+`R,#$Q+!A;F0@
C`Q
!W97)E(0T-2PP
#`L#0HD-#`P
M+#`P
P@86YD(0W.2PP


M=%\X9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U










3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%N9!1=6%L:69Y:6YG($%C8V]U
M;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*/'1A



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
F4],T0R/CQB/E(N/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D









M97)V92!F;W(@97-T:6UA=&5D(')E='5R;G

M8V@@:7
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X-F%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97,N/]F;VYT/CPO
#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/]P/@T*/'1A8FQE



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CY!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L($%C8V]U
M;G1S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0Q/CQB/DYE=8C

M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L




M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!




M
30@86QI9VX]




M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT





M9VX]

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(W@R

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$





T0R/B8C



T0R/C$R
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-34\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M
T0R/BDF(WA!







30[




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M







T0R/C$Y.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXH,34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/B@V
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O




M/3-$-#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M:6YN:6YG(&]F/&)R(\^#0I097)I;V0\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]



3XF(WA!
#L\




P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]





30@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M

65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


BPQ
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0R/C$Y+#0Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


3XF(WA!




T0R/C(L







T0R/C(L

T1B

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3@L-S

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.PW-C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^





M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0G1D].






M;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T1T;W`^#0H\



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#0P-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


L

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O






T0R/B8C

M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].





M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

T0C0T-%149&


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#8X-CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




M86QI9VX]





T0T/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\




P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]



T0Q/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4@

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY!;6]U;G1S



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4@

3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!






M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&4]








M;&4]

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0R/C$L

M9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXS+#
W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD



T0Q/B8C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


BPP


C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#(X-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M






^+RH@1&\@


$5!

]




]
T1T97AT/CQD

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\
M8CY3=6)S97%U96YT#0I%=F5N='





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@









]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@


M1#$^

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^


M97-U;'1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
F4],T0R/CQB/E0N/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


-BA5;F%U9&ET960I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



@:6X@=VAI






T0P('=I9'1H/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^

M
S`@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3(@*#
I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0Q/CQB/B@Q
PT*=V5E:W


C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CXH,3,-G=E96MS*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
F4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4@,S`L/&)R(\^#0HR
M


T0Q/CQB/B@Q
PT*=V5E:W
I

M
F4],T0Q/CQB
M/B@Q,PT*=V5E:W,I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@




T0Q/CQB/B@Q-`T*=V5E:W


M
C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CXH,3,-G=E96MS
M*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
F4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4@
M,C4L/&)R(\^#0HR
#$Q*#$I/&)R(\^#0HH,3,@=V5E:W,I/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


M#0HR


T0Q/CQB/B@Q
PT*=V5E
M:W



M16YD(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXW
S


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



M=F5N=64\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C$U
RPP

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


M;&4]





T0R/C$Q
M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-#(L
M


T0G





T0R/C$S


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#(L


#`P

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M9VX]

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX
PS.#,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/C@P+#`X.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXW-BPP,S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C4R+#
W-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]



M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M.B`C
#`P



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR-BPY.#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C(S+#0T-3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,2PX-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C(V+#0Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT-PY
M
C



#`P
M

T1B;W1T



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

#`P





#`P
#`P(#%P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\

M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BPX-S

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
PW-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0R/B0\

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXW+#0Y
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$V+#(Y-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT




T0R/C
L.34Y



P
#`P
#`@

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\



M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


P
#`P
#`@

#`P


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1B

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


M;&4]

M
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]






T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+C(V/]F;VYT

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


BXQ
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M9&]U8FQE)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O


MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@

#`P

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M86QI9VX]



3
[(&1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C$N

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F



T1B;W1T;VT^

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M+C


T0G





T0R/C(N
#$\+V9O;G0^

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


P
#`P
#`@
M



M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@



#`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
M
#`P
#`@

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P(#`N
M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!

M(%=)1%1(.B`Q

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ
05!313H@8V]L;&%P

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H

T0G







T0P('=I9'1H/3-$







T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P,4^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


M97AP96YS97


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&0V-C
V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D


M


3(@36]N=&AS

CDL(#(P



#(P,3D[<R!F:7-C86P-GEE87(@:7
@82!F:69T







]
T1T



T0R/CQB/CQI/E!R:6YC:7!L97
@;V8-






M8F%L86YC97



]

F4]
M

6QE/3-$

T0R/E1H92!#



#$Y.W

M

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%








L('=H:6-H(&%R92!S;VQD

M:7IE('%U86YT:71I97









T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



@;6%N86=E

@86YD(&QI


M96YU92!A;F0@97AP96YS97




M=6EV86QE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

#$R






M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3D[



M;G0F(W@R
#$Y.W



M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
CDL(#(P

M.S





M=&\@8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G

M86)L97


M='
@=VET:!H:6=H(&-R961I=!Q=6%L:71Y#0IF:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=&ET




@86YD#0I#86YA








@;V8@







#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R
#$P+CPO9F]N=#X\



]



T0R/CQB/CQI/D9I

M;W5N='

CDL(#(P
3(@86YD($1E
M8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P



4

40[

#%#.T%30R`X
C`F
M(W@R





]


T0G34%21TE.+51/


T0R/DEN=F5N=&]R




L('=H:6-H#0IP



















6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)

M



M9X-E-O;64@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@97%U:7!M96YT(&ES

M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

@=6YD97(@8G)E=VEN9PT*






T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/C
@=&\@-2!Y

T1T





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M


M:71S(&]N($ME9W
@86YD(%!A;&QE='



M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='


@86YD('!A;&QE='
@87)E(&]W;F5D(&)Y('1H92!#;VUP86YY





M=F]L=6UE(&]F(&ME9W



@:7
@86X@:6YD

M960@9&5P;W-I='







3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1E8W)E87-E


2!M


M+CD@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#0N-B!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D-XV(&UI;&QI;VXL(')E

#(P,3D[
M<R!B86QA;F-E('-H965T(&EN8VQU9&5S(0Q-XR(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD(0Q
M







@


@=&AE(&5X

#(P,40[*2!O=F5R('1H92!F86ER('9A
M;'5E(&]F('1H92!N970@87-S971S(&%C<75I<F5D('5P;VX-G1H92!C;VUP

#`P+B!$









M87

CDL(#(P
3(@



]


M





C`Q.3MS(&ED













#$Y.W

N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)E;&EE=F5S('1H870@=&AE

S$L(#(P


]

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-




T0R/E1H92!#;VUP



M97

M92!#;VUP86YY)B-X

M(&9U='5R92!E=F5N='
L(&]T:&5R('1H86X@96YA8W1M96YT(&]F#0IC:&%N


@87)E('!R;W9I9&5D






M;VYS(&EN('-E=F5R86P@9&EF9F5R96YT#0IS=&%T92!T87@@:G5R:7-D:6-T


M#0IT87@@875T:&]R:71I97

M97


@86YD


@5&]P:6
@




M=&%X(')E='5R;G



]

F4]
M
T0R/CQB/CQI/D5X8VES90T*5&%X97





M;G0@*'1H92`F(W@R


M8V@@:6YC;'5D97



2!C


M






@




M;7

M(&-O;&QE8W1I;VX@;V8@=&AE('-A;&5S('!R;V-E961S(&ES(')E87-O;F%B

2!H87
@9&5F
M97)R960@)#



S$L(#(P
M

M86-C;VUP86YY:6YG(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B86QA;F-E#0IS:&5E=',N/]F




M9&ES=')I8G5T;W(F(W@R
#$Y.W




]





L('!A8VMA9VEN9PT*8V]S='










T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



@:6YC=7)R960@9F]R

@=&\@8W5S=&]M97)S(&%R92!I


]


]



T0R/CQB






M='

@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
M
C`Q
#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N=!S

M)B-X













@8W5S=&]M97(@


@86YD
M(&EN8V5N=&EV97


C`Q-#M#=7-T


@=&]T86QE9`D,C@N,2!M:6QL:6]N+`D
C8N-2!M:6QL

M


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@

@

M


@=&\@=VAO;&5S




M;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@=&AA=!A9F9E8W0@=&AE('1I;6EN9R!A;F0-F%M
M;W5N='



@

M(&-O=6QD#0ID:69F97(@9G)O;2!T:&4@97-T:6UA=&5D(&%L;&]W86YC92X\






M97-E(&%C=&EV:71I97

C`Q.3MS



M('EE87)S(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P
3`L#0IR97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%!R
M:6]R('1O(#(P

@=V5R90T*

3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)E9V%N





@:6YC;'5D92P@8G5T(&%R







<^



M97
L(')E;G0@86YD('5T:6QI='D@97AP96YS97



M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\

@5&]P:6
@
#(P
4
[05-##0HW
3@F(W@R
#%$.RDL('=H:6-H(&=E




@:6X@97AC:&%N

M;V0I+B!4:&4@86UO=6YT(&]F(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!C;W-T#0IR96-O9VYI

M:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE#0IA=V%R9'







M86QI9VX]



'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$






#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\:3Y296-L87-S:69I8V%T


'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#97)T86EN
M(&%M;W5N='



]









M;B!B92!R96%S;VYA8FQY(&5S=&EM871E9XF(WA!,#M!;&P-F%C8W)U960@






T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P


T0R/DEN($IU;'D@
C`Q


3(M
#(L#0H\:3Y)

M=&EN9PT*26YD969I;FET92U

4
[05-5#0HR
#$R+3`R)B-X
C`Q1#LI


M:6YG#0IV86QU92X@268@:70@:7

M:&4@8V%S92P@:70@:7
@;F5C97-S87)Y('1O#0IP97)F;W)M('1H92!C=7)R



M97(@
34L(#(P


C`Q
M


V
M9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

C4P









]

M97




M('5S969U;`T*;&EV97

M;&QO=W



3$%04T4Z



M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-#8E/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A
M9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L


T0R/DME9W
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/C
@=&\@

L(&]R('1H92!T97)M(&]F


\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M






M;&4]

V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?
M-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAD


'0O:'1M




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]

#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
CDL
M/&)R(\^#0HR,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


C`Q
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU



M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0G1D].

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!




\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!






T0R/C8L
C$Q

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H\


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT-2PX-38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]




T1B;W1T





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C


M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

#`P

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




T0R/C0T+#
V
M
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1#(^
S0L


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO<#X-
MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-
MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


V
M9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

C4P






3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

CDL(#(P


#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*)B-X03`[/]P/@T*/'1A



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,CDL/]B/CPO9F]N
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R
M)B-X03`[


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\





M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494


T0R/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#0U
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


RPX-C8\+V9O;G0^





M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T0C


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].




T1B;W1T



M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<CX-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M1#(^


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M


T1B

#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S<'@@9&]U8FQE
M)SXF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D
M931?86$U-E\W
#(U

R+FAT;6P-


M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



]
M





M86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]

M97(]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]


B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
C`Q




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


3$\





M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0Q

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


3@S+#@R.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3
W+#(T
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-BPX.3D\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O





T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DQA;F0\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXR-PR-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W












T0R/C
V+#8V-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXR-2PR,C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M9VX]




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M1#(^

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O



RPW




T1B

#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C
Q
PV.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
97-S(&%C8W5M
M=6QA=&5D#0ID97!R96-I871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
F4],T0R/C$R,PW
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M
#`P


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0R/C$X.2PY-#@\+V9O;G0^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$T

#L\

P
#`P
#`@


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&0V-C
V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?

O4VAE970S
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

I

]
T1T:#Y$96




M



T0X-4@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V-R4^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]


T0Q/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4@870\
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T0R(&%L






M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

M


M1#(^1V]O9'=I;&PL(&YE=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4]
M




M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M




C4P865F-#9B9`T*0V]N





]

M


]


T1T;W`^4W5M;6%R





M;W)D97(]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CXR,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY$96-E

Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CXR
M,#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


M9VX]

65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0Q

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ



M964@=V%G97

\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXY+#8S.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]


M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#$U.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);F-O;64@=&%X
M97
@*'-E92!.;W1E#0I)*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].




#
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



RPX


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].




$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



BPS





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T0C0T-%149&/@T*








M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D]T

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
2PY.3
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


30\+V9O


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M

M86QI9VX]



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV,PU
CD\+V9O;G0^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C0X+#(T
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]



7!X)SX-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\+W`^#0H\


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!








]

T1)1#!%

M97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y


]
T1T








F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3(\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

F4],T0Q/CQB/B@U,W=E96MS*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/C(P



MCPA+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y

65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY#=7)R96YT.CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M86QI9VX]

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C
Q+#@T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`R96TG/CQF



M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M9VX]

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\

M



M
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M5$]0.B`C
#`P



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS,RPY,3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C(V+#0Y-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU


T0R/D9E9&5R86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#(W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS+#DS.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
S0\

T1B

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


T0R/C0L


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]





T0R/C
V+#`U
3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]




T0R/C
P+#DV-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO



#`P
#`P(#-P


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P







M86QI9VX]



'!X)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$




#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@


M

M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



T0Q/B8C

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS-2XP/]F


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3=&%T92!I;F-O;64@
M=&%X97




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,BXY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


T0Q

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,BXY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X

65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4],T0R/C$N,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&


M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3=&%T92!A=61I=`T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]





M9VX]




T1B;W1T





M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@










M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C(N
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G1D].
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q<'@@<V]L


M

#`P

M03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!

M/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O

F4]
M



T0R/C


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T1B;W1T;VT^


M9VX]

#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M

P
#`P
#`@


]


T0G34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3:6=N

M;&QO=W





M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]


T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X
M03`[
CDL/&)R(\^#0HR,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M/@T*
C`Q

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M='
Z/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!8V-R=65D(&5X



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

BPU

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



M97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]





M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



T1B




T1T;W`^#0H\


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/

M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].




T1B;W1T




M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ
BPY


M8V4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
F4],T0R/B@U-#,\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`U96TG/CQF



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ-PQ,C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

`T*;&EA8FEL:71I97,Z/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






T0R/B@R-RPY-C$\+V9O

T1B


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S


T0R/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
M






T0R/B@Y

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,S@X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


#`P
#`P

T1B


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C4L
M


7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M.B`C
#`P


M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@-65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/BDF
M(WA!



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,3(L.3@V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


#`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L



]



M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#(@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@

C`Q




P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M



3XF(WA!

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N




M

M(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M

F4]
T0R





M86QI9VX]




M






M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T





M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O

F4]
M



T0R/B@Q+#@P.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXH,RPU-C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0R/BDF(WA!

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

65A<CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C$L

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#DS-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



C4P


]
M

T1)1#!%4$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M1#$^

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^


@4'5R8VAA



@87)E(&%S#0IF;VQL;W=S.CPO



<^



M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF


T0R/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C$X+#8U-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+#DS
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C




T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SX\
M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1'1O<#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G



M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P










@=6YD97(@


M24XM5$]0.B`Q

T0Y
M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X-24^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0Q
M/CQB/BA);@T*=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D

M(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M


M;&4]




M1#(^

M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






2PW

65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO




T1T





M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXY+#
T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
M
#(U


T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M
CDL(#(P






T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P


M92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]

M


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L




C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM




T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,C0R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M9VX]

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS







M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-C$\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(W@R,#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU



\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(W@R,#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^



#`P

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F





M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]




M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\



M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


P
#`P
#`@

#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*/]P/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\+W`^#0H\


M9&5R/3-$

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M1#$^/&(^4F5S97)V97
\8G(@+SX-E5S960\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]




T0R/B@S-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT





T0R/C(V-#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M
T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M


P-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


M;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




M1#(^*#(L-S

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M;&4]



M
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M5$]0.B`C
#`P



T1B

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

3$%04T4Z(&-O



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T



C`P.3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
F4],T0Q/CQB/D-H86YG97,@:6X\8G(@+SX-D5S=&EM871E

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^/&(^4F5S97)V97

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/CPA+2T@0F5G



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(W@R,#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR-34\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L






T0G1D].



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C
W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(W@R,#$T
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


M86QI9VX]

#`P


M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\
M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD


BPU

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXH
3

M

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I




P
#`P
#`@


#`P
#`P



M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P





MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAD-C8S-F1A7V8R8C9?











#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R<'@G/@T*/]P/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\+W`^#0H\=&%B


M/3-$

M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-


30@86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0Q



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3X\8CY
979E;`R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

Z






M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]



T0Q/CQB/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`T*
C`Q
3PO

M/3-$

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY
979E;`Q/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L(#
\+V(^



M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY4;W1A;#PO8CX\

T1T



M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



M;&5N='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C0Q+#DP-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M)B-X

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
M
2PY


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


]
T1R;SX-






05!313H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

M:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

@
M;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.2P-C(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


#LQ/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]



M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(W@R
M

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





M87`]


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0R/C8R.#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


SDN:'1M










#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


M:6-E(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M



M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY0

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

F4],T0R/D=O;V1W:6QL/]F

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$V
3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M
#`P



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O






T0R/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D

M9VX]


T1B;W1T

#`P

M03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!

M/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

2PW
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T

#L\+W`^#0H\

P
#`P
#`@


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U
&%E



]




3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

C`Q


]


M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



Z

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA




M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB

M+SX-E!R:6-E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


\8G(@+SX-E9A;'5E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-
F4],T0Q/CQB/BAI;@T*=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]



S$L#0HR

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
F5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


T0R/C$P
M
RXV
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M




M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
RXR.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT-BXT-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


CDL#0HR

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T1B;W1T

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS.2PT,#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@

M86QI9VX]


CDL(#(P
3(\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#4U

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-BXX.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXU+C4Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
3
S+#8Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P






M



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X







4@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0W-R4^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
M

C`Q
M
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CXH-3,-G=E96MS*3PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3`\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

M/3-$
3`@86QI9VX]



M86)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

BPR
M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$Q-CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG


T0R/D%M;W5N='
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@9V5N97)A;`T*86YD(&%D

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO





M93TS1#(^
BPP

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
7!X

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^
M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#4R.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M


M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1#(^
RPQ


#`P

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O


M.B`C
#`P

T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/D%M;W5N='


M;&4]

T1B;W1T

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/CDW
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]






T0G1D].


M0T%
+4%

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M4#H@
'!X.R!724142#H@

3$%04T4Z



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXJ/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




#`U+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M





@

]










F4]
M,T0Q/CQB/C(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,3X\8CXR,#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/CPA+2T@0F5G




M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


T0R/C
T+C

M


T0R/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS+C,P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1#(^
RXV-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]




T1B;W1T


T0R/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C(N

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+C`@=&EM97,\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXP+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ
M+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]






]

]

M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q

F4]
T0R



#LR.2P@
C`Q
B!T:&%T(&%R92!E

M24XM5$]0.B`Q

T0Y
M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X.24^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-


M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P
34\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#@R
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P
38\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#0V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV,S@\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M1#(^

M86QI9VX]

#`P



M86QI9VX]



M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

P
#`P
#`@

M86QI9VX]


F4]
M





'!X)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


@:7-S=65D('5N9&5R('1H92!I;G9E

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X



05!313H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M

3$\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-#$L

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F



T1B;W1T




CDL-S







U-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]






M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M86QI9VX]


7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#`P


MC(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,30L.#,R/]F;VYT

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]D:78^




@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
CDL(#(P



M)#(V.2XY(&UI;&QI;VX@87
-F9O;&QO=W,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^



'!X)SX\+W`^#0H\=&%B


M/3-$

M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S
E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^


M


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU



M8F5R(#(V+`T*
C`P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0R/C@L-C8Y

M
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]






2PQ



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.#DL


M93TS1#(^
C`Q

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

PP,S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M



M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M97(@
S$L#0HR

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


C`Q
M

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0R/C$V-2PQ


3@L



T1B;W1T

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1T;W`^





3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M




7!X)SX-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P









]

T1)1#!%4$4^#0H@(`@(`\


]


T1T;W`^1G5N9&5D(%-T871U







<^

4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A
M8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U-R4^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0Q/CQB/E)E=&ER964@365D:6-A;`T*4&QA;CPO8CX\

M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M+SX-C(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

M/3-$
30@86QI9VX]



M86)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




T0R/C(L




M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(W@R,#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG





M=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&5N9`T*;V8@9FES8V%L('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS+#`Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#4Y
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXU-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\

M



M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-#@R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


#`P
#`P(#-P


#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]D:78^/'-P86X^
M/]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL


E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]

T0G



63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXS-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]







T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E1O=&%L

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE




7!X)SX-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&0V-C
V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A

O4VAE970T
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L




4@86QI9VX],T1C
M96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0V-R4^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

2P\8G(@+SX-C(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P







T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG


T0R/DYE=!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M9VX]

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C8V+#`U.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\



M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


P
#`P
#`@



Z

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M86QI9VX]

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C0U+#(P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


F4],T0R/C$X+#DQ,SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
PX-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\

M


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M





#`P
M

T1B;W1T



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F




M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1#(^-3`L



65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
F5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M8VL\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#8X.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXX+#DP-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY+#4U
SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C0L





M;&4]





M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS





T1B;W1T;VT^

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/C$R+#DQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXQ,RPP,3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

F4],T0R/D-L87-S($$@
M0V]M;6]N#0I3=&]C:SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXS+C8W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M

T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT^

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
F5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#;&%S

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M



T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXU+C`X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1#(^
RXV-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M8FQE)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




]


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@






@0B!#;VUM;VX@



T0G34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@

3)P

M3TQ

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M1#8V)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M86QI9VX]

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=V5E:W
@96YD960-D1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD





M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A


T0R/C8S.3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU


T0R/D-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N#0I3=&]C
M:SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/C$X+#DQ
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXT+#$P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494




M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\

M



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

7!X
M)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M.B`C
#`P




M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M
3
L-#


M

M.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B


M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P




M15(M0T]


M/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&AR964@=V5E:W
@96YD960-D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+#(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

3`@
M86QI9VX]




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-2PR





T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXU+C`X/]F





65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
F5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\

M


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D




M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C0L


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(W@R,#$T.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1#(^
3




3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M




T1B


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M9'

M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


M;&4]



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C4V.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D-L87-S($(@
M0V]M;6]N#0I3=&]C:SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0R/C$U+#`W
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT+#$P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU



M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T1B

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


T0R/C$T+#(R.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M9VX]


7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS





M.&0V-C
V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAD-C8S-F1A7V8R8C9?-&1E-%]A834V










]


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-


T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&UA:6YT


N


M


M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L($%C8V]U;G1S
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY86QA;F-E)B-X03`[870\8G(@+SX-D)E9VEN



M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]






M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4F
M(WA!


T0Q/B8C

T1B
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,30@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


T0C0T-%149&






T0R/B8C

M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494


T0R/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T0R/B8C





T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P
3`\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M

M9VX]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].





63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M


3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N


T0Q/CQB/D%M;W5N='


M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

M/&)R(\^#0I097)I;V0\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]





T1B;W1T;VT@



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O






M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$X+#@S
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,3@L-S,W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#$P-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T0C


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

3XF(WA!



BPP
3(\+V9O;G0^





M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N



M/@T*4&5R:6]D/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0Q/BA)




C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4]
T0R






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X





T0R/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<CX-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]



3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



RPV
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


BPU-CD\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!





M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M



M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

T0Q

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


3XF(WA!
M



RPV

M(&-O;'-P86X]



3XF(WA!
M

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


3XF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M
3XF(WA!


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M86QI9VX]



3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C(L

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#$W-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

L
S
T



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

2PX
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T

C`Q
M
3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F




M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




T1B







3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O





T0Q/B8C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!



V
M9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

C4P







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M.2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1T



3D[

M;VX@:6YC;'5D97




M;W(@86YY('%U87)T97(@87)E(&YO=`T*;F5C97-S87)I;'D@:6YD:6-A=&EV


M:#TS1#$P
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE
M860@+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R.4^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


#$R(@S
M*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXH
3
-G=E96MS*3PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]




M;&4]

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXH
3
-G=E96MS*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$




C`Q
CPO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CXH,3,-G=E96MS*3PO8CX\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXH
M
30-G=E96MS*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0Q




B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

C`Q
2@Q*3QB

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXH
3
-G=E96MS*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/CPA


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV.38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/C8W
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXV-3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C4P
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-3
L



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]




T0R/C$T-RPU
#

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
3
L



M86QI9VX]

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C$S-PX,3,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,S,L.34W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


3`R+#$W-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M9VX]

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
7!X

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^
M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/D=R;W-S('!R;V9I=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*




M
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXY,RPR-#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/C8Q+#@P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


#

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
BPS-S0\

T1B

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M
#`P



T1B;W1T;VT^

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M93TS1#(^

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR


M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-BPT
M
3



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M

#`P


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P


M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

38L


T0G


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

30L




M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-RPW.#4\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-BPR.38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR.PP
3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#DU.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


#`P


M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



P
M
#`P
#`@

T1B


T1B

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


#`P
#`P(#-P









T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+C8P/]F;VYT

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


2XQ
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+C0Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


2XR-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M

T1B;W1T



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXP+C,P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
M
#`@

T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


#`P


M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P
#`@

M

M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ


T0G





T0R/C$N
#8\+V9O;G0^

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M86QI9VX]

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C$N

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F



M;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M9&]U8FQE)SX\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O


MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@

#`P

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

T0Q
#`E/@T*/'1R

T1T;W`@86QI
M9VX]








T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M;F0@82`D

M9F]R(')E9G5N9&%B;&4@9&5P;W-I='


'!X.R!&3TY4

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X

T0Q
#`E/@T*/'1R/@T*

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
M













]





]
T1T:#Y$96






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^3V9F:6-E($5Q=6EP;65N=!!;F0@1G5R;FET=7)E('P@36EN:6UU




]

]


]



T1T;W`^17-T








]
T1T97AT/C
@
M=&\@




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@



M:7!M96YT(%M



]
T1T97AT/C




M;F0@4&QA;G0@17%U:7!M96YT('P@36%X:6UU;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT







]



]



]

M+!0;&%N=!A;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(%M



]
T1T97AT/C$U('1O




M9!=6EL9&EN9R!);7!R;W9E;65N='
@?!-:6YI;75M/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]

]


]
M





C`@



C4P865F-#9B9`T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN

R!-;VYT:'
@

M
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q


#$Q/&)R

]
T1T:#Y$96



]


]





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$L-3`P+#`P





2PQ
#`L








M;G5M/B@Q+#$P


#`L




#`L

3(L-C`P+#`P




BPV
#`L
M



M



]



]


]
T1R;SX-


]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#$P

]



]
T1N=6UP/C
L-3`P+#`P


]

P


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C$S
M-2PW





@86YD(&EN8V5N=&EV97
\

]


]




]



]


M


#`L


C8L
#`P+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5VAO;&5S86QE/]T9#X-B`@(`@






]
















]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#@P


#`L













]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@








]
T1N=6UP/C
L-C`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M-C`P+#`P

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4')I;W(@=&\@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3$\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]


]


]










]
T1T




^+RH@


M




]
T1T:#Y$96





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\X9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U
&%E9C0V8F0O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P


M9VX]



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



]



T1T;W`^1FEN:7-H960@
M9V]O9'


]






V9&%?
M9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

C4P865F





]




]



L-#4R


]
M

]

]


2PS




]
T1N=6UP
M/C(P

]
M


#4\









]

T1)1#!%05!!


CDL(#(P
3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@









]
M

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#(R



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3V9F:6-E(&5Q=6EP
M;65N=!A;F0@9G5R;FET=7)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]
T1N=6UP/C8L

RPW






T1T;W`^3&5S


]
T1N=6UP/C$R









S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
M
#(U






^
3(@

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$P/&)R/CPO


M

#`L






P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\X9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U
&%E9C0V8F0O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


L('5N



]



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L




M965T-3

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$561D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





]
T1T:#Y$96

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R-2P@
C`Q
#QB

]

]


]



]






T1T
M;W`^16UP;&]Y964@=V%G97

3$L-S`Q/'-P86X^

S@\







T1T;W`^



]


]

]


]



]

]
T1N


BPV


\+W1D

]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C`L-3(Y

M)`T.PR-#




C4P865F-#9B9`T*0V]N





]

M



M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C8@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

CDL(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^06QT







]


]

]
T1P






]


]









#$Q+CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP


]






C@L
#`P





C`R


]
















M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&0V-C
V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A

O4VAE970U-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@*$1E




]
T1T
M:#Y$96






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^4W1A


]
M
T1N=6UP/C
S+#DQ

]



]

]


]


]


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T-RD\


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$T
M

M86QI9VX]



]

]





M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$4V04%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@




@*$1E=&%I


^

CDL
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L







S4N

S4N

S4N
#`E/'-P86X^

M92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97

]
T1N=6UP/C0N



]


]

]





]
T1N=6T^*#(N








]
T1N=6UP/C



V
M9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

C4P





]

@86YD($QI86)I
M;&ET:65S(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U;FQE














]

M1&YU;7`^


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C(L





]


]
T1N=6T^*#4T



]

30L


3(L



]



]
T1N=6T^*#(W+#DV






T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I
M;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R.2PQ-S8I

M
C4L


\+W1D/@T*

34L


3(L.3@V*3QS


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$59-D%%

M/3-$





B!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$

]
T1T:#Y$96
N

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`R-2P@
C`Q


M;VX\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

M=6T\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

M=6T\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M4V5P+B`S


]













]
T1N=6UP/B0@










]
T1N










]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XV/'-P86X^











]


M:6YA=&EO;B!T;R!I;F-L=61E('1H92`R



M;64@=&%X(')E='5R;G

M8VL@8VQA:6T@=&\@




]
T1T
















M-C
V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

M



]

@*$1E=&%I;D@*%531`D*3QB





M8VAE9'5L92!O9B!5;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@5&%X($)E;F5F:71S(%M
:6YE($ET








]



]


]






]


]
T1N=6T^*#(Y


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PR-C


U/'-P


S9D
M85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@86YD($-O;G1I
M;F=E;F-I97
@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A$971A:6PI(A5


2!-;VYT:'

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*



T0W/CPO



]
T1T:#Y$96

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q


M1'1H/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

]
T1T:#Y397`N

]
T1T:#Y$96

]
T1T:#Y$96




























]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34L-#`P+#`P


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-#`L
3`P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30L-S`P+#`P



M9VX]



















@

M($-O;7!A;GDL($Q



#QS


]


]


]


]

]
M

















]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-3@Y+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^16YV:7)O;FUE;G1A


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C8S+#`P


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


V
M9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

C4P





]

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]


]
M

]


]



T1T;W`^
C`Q
SPO





T1T;W`^
C`Q-3PO=&0^

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C


#$W/]T9#X-B`@





C4P865F-#9B9`T*0V]N





]

M

M
CDL(#(P



M
3

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#DT/'-P86X^

#$U


]

2PW






]
T1R;W4^


S0U/'-P86X^


S9D85]F
M
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U

M;G0]

^#0H@


R!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-2P@
C`Q











]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&0V-C
V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T








T0Q

M;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96

S$L(#(P
M
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R-2P@
M
C`Q

#$R/&)R/D5X8VES92!T87@@8W)E9&ET/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


M-BP@



M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^4F5C86QL+7)E;&%T960@8V]S='
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R-BP@


]
M
T1T:#Y$96

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96

]
T1T:#Y$96

M86QI9VX]



]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@







]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]


]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6T^*#






]
T1N=6UP/C



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
RD\




M;G5M/B@V

M/3-$;G5M/B@S



BPW



3


C$I


]
M






]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?
M86$U-E\W
#(U

T0G=&5X



@




]







]


]





\+W1D

]


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S



SPO=&0^#0H@




]







M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U
M





M(%9A;'5E(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U;FQE




]


]

]


]








M=')U;65N='


]


]


]




M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&0V-C
V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A

O4VAE970V-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M:7-I=&EO;B`M($%D9&ET:6]N86P@26YF;W)M871I;VX@*$1E=&%I;D@*%-O
M=71H97)N($-A;&EF;W)N:6$@0G)E=VEN9R!#;VUP86YY+!);F

]
T1T

M1'1H/DIA;BX@
#0L(#(P


#$R/&)R/E-E8V]N

M8RX@
CDL(#(P

@06=R965M96YT/&)R




]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(P

]
T1R







]
T1P




]


]




M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5624%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

M92!!;&QO8V%T:6]N(A$971A:6PI(A3;W5T:&5R;B!#86QI9F]R;FEA($)R

#0L(#(P



]





]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/C0P
2PP



2PP
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$L.3`P+#`P


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(P


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PW
#`L


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U
M






M;CTS1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S



2!-;VYT:'

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*



T0Q/C$@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

2!-;VYT:'



M;'-P86X]
T0Q/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

2!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M
B!-;VYT:'




38^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L


2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`R.2P@
C`Q


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(V+`R,#`Y/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

]

]
M
T1T:#Y$96

#$L(#(P
M


#`X/&)R
M/D-H:65F($5X96-U=&EV92!/9F9I8V5R/&)R/DUI;FEM=6T\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
C8L(#(P





M8RX@
C4L(#(P



M0VAI968@17AE8W5T:79E($]F9FEC97(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

M/D-H:65F($5X96-U=&EV92!/9F9I8V5R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1T:#Y$96

M($]F9FEC97(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q


M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N


M
CDL(#(P


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#



]
T1T:#Y$96

M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P


]
T1T:#Y$96
N

CDL(#(P


\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




CDL
M(#(P

\8G(^0V]M
M;6]N($-L87-S($$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M2F%N+B`P
2P@
C`Q


M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P
2P@
C`Q









]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^5F5S

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/C4@













]


]


]


]

















]


]





















]


]
















]

RPX












C(X+#(P

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#$P


]
T1N=6UP/C
Q+#4P
M












M;G
@9W)A;G1E9!I;B!P97)I;V0@+2!W96EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E(&9A:7(@



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




M








































RPV

2PU








































]
T1R93X-


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
















]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/C$Q(&UO;G1H

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
















































M



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4U

]
T1R



















]


]















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



















]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]














]
T1N=6UP/B0@










































]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
3DN

































#QS















M





































]


]


]


]


]


]





























]


]


]


]


M





C`L









































]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T



































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]






































]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N





















































]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`P+#`P


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L-#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P



2PV
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

























]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


@-R!M;VYT:'



@4W1O8VL@4F5P=7)C:&%S92!0




#`L
M
















































]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(W-2PP
#`L

S`P+#`P


]




]
















































V9&%?9C)B

O4VAE970W






3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L.3`X

]



M86QI9VX]



]


M/3-$=&]P/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE(&%T(&5N9!O9B!P97)I;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]




M9VX]
T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$








]


M




]




]
T1T97AT/C4@

@-B!M;VYT:'
@


]


7





]
M



]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
S+#8Q




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C






]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

T0R/D1E8RX@
C4L(#(P
M


@6TQI;F4@

]


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]







:6YE($ET96US

M;7`^








]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`X/'-P


]
M


]


]


T1T;W`^/'-T


]
T1T

]
T1T


T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S






M
T0U/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN


M($5X96-U=&EV92!/9F9I8V5R(&EN(#(P
#4N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*#0HM+2TM+2T]

C4P865F-#9B



]
T1R97!O







CDL
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R
M-2P@
C`Q



]


]


]


]




V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A
M968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAD-C8S-F1A







]

M92!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G
@*$1E=&%I;D\8G(^/]S

M1#
^

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^
M5&EM97
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/E1I;65S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\










]
T1R




]





]
T1N=6UP

]
M






C4P865F-#9B9`T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




]



3





T1T;W`^


]

]
T1N

]

M1&YU;7`^


RPW


C4P865F-#9B



]
T1R97!O

T1)1#!%



]
T1T:#Y$
M96














T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]

3$T+#@S


]











]






M
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@





]
T1T:#Y$96

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R-2P@
C`Q


]







]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]

M1&YU;7`^



]
T1R93X-



M








]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


V9&%?
M9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

C4P865F





]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

C4L(#(P
3`\







]



]






M97


]











]




:6YE($ET96US



]


T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R
M:71I97

]




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G

M96YT($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G
@5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:R!;3&EN92!)=&5M

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]













@;VX@

BXP


]












]
T1N=6UP




]

M86QI9VX]

@86YD

@5&%B;&4@5&5X


]



\

]



]


]

]
T1P

]


]



]








]
T1R93X-




]


]





]







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/C$N



@











M9B!E;7!L;WEE97













]


]

2PT
M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^
2PS
#`L

2PQ
#`L




]





]


]


]


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C8N







]
T1T


M

@86YD($]T:&5R

@5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C


]

M86QI9VX]


]


T1T;W`^0V]N=')I8G5T:6]N


2PP




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
M

]
M

]










M;7`^

]
T1T

]





]



M:70@4&QA;G

M;G


]





#`P

M-30R+#`P


]



@8V]L









]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



@5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:R!;3&EN

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^16QI9VEB:6QI='D@=&EM:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y#;VUP;&5T:6]N(&]F(&]N92!H;W5R(&]F(&9U;&PM=&EM






]





]




]



















]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#`P



T1T;W`^17-T



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
M

]
M

]


]


]




]



]

3`P+C`P)3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]









]













M9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M9B!#;VUP86YY)W

M:7)E;65N=!-961I8V%L($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B`H1&5T86EL*2`H55-$(0I




]








@870@




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&5N

M;7`^






T1T;W`^4F5T:7)E92!-961I8V%L

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^





T1T;W`^56YF=6YD960@
M4W1A='5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#4T.2D\

M*#0X


C4P865F-#9B9`T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

3DY(%!L



M9VX]





T1T;W`^1&5B


]

]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86X@5V5I

S0N

S0N








M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N(%=E:6=H=&5D($%V
M97)A9V4@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T7V%A-39?-S`R
M-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAD-C8S


'0O:'1M;#L@


]



3$^
M
R!-;VYT:'


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1#(^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^

C0L(#(P

M-2P@
C`Q


]
T1T
M:#Y$96


L(&)Y






]











]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`L
30R/'-P



]
T1R

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T


M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4Y+#0V

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4P+#$T

]
T1P


















]
T1R


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




BPY


RPP
3(\

M








]






M

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
BXQ



]


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N($-L87-S($$\

]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F;CX\

]


]



]
























@8V]M








]








]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1F

]


]









M;VYG/D%L;&]C871I;VX@;V8@;F5T(&EN8V]M92!F;W(@8F%S:6






]
T1R;SX-





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L.#4P/'-P


]


]

]


]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]



]


]

M86QI9VX]



]

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L






]





]

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/ELQ73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;VQS


M97(@;V8@
C`Q

N-2!M:6QL:6]N


M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-



M82`D


M+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&



M87



M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$4R5$))/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



M;VYG/D-O;7!U=&%T:6]N(&]F($1I;'5T960@3F5T($EN8V]M92!097(@4VAA


]

]
T1T



]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(Y+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

CY$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y-

M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]










]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XS



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XR

]
M




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XQ.3QS

]
T1F



















]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F;CX\

]


]



]


















]





3




]

M97

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]
T1T

]
T1F

]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN
M8V]M92!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(T@9&EL=71E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





















]

]



]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]















M/D-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S














RPT




]

\

]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F;CX\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-XV/'-P86X^/]S









]

M/3-$

M;V8@
C`Q

N-2!M:6QL:6]N(&]F



M


M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T




@





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\

$5+





T0S/C$R($UO

CY$96

M
C`Q


C`Q


C8L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R

]
T1R93X-


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S








]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M(#$N







]


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



M87



]





]






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2XP.#QS


M
T1T;W`^06YT:61I;'5T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97
@97AC;'5D960@9G)O;2!C


]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(W
2PP

3
L





\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]



]

]



]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F('-H87)E



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#8P+#`P















]
T1I;FYE



C`Q

M;W)D960@)#







M=!K96=S(&%N9!P86QL971S+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@








^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$590D%#/@T*

M







]
T1T:#Y$
M96



]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!B






M
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@*$1E=&%I;D@*%531`D*3QB



]
T1T:#Y$96

M8V4@9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L($%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L









M='


]






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

@1&ES


]






]






]




]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L

M1&YU;7`^
BPQ



]
M

]
T1R;SX-


]

2PW-S






]



M;G5M/B@T+#0Q






T1T;W`^











]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C
L




]


]
T1N=6T^*#
L
S

]
T1N=6T^*#(L.3


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A
M=!%;F0@;V8@4&5R:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

M






]





T0Q



]

#$R/&)R/F)B

M




CY$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(T

]
T1T



#$Q/&)R/F)B;#QB

#$R


T1T;W`^/'-T

:6YE($ET









]
T1N=6UP

RPP







Y+#`P


]


#(L






L


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
T+#@Q

]


#(L

M-3@L




]


L



#@Y



]
T1N=6UP/C4R+#






RPS








]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#DR





#







U


]
M



]


M9VX]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XQ



]
M








]



M









T1T



M96YS97
@87
@8V]N=')A(')E=F5N=64@=VAI8V@@:&%D('!R979I;W5S;'D@


]

30@=F%L

C`Q
2P@




M96%S92!I;B!I='


@86YD('!A;&QE='


M=!A9W)E96UE;G0@=VET:!I='


C`N-2!M


M9#8V
S9D85]F
F(V7S1D931?86$U-E\W
#(U

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4




]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M
C4L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]



]


]


]


]












]


]






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4P

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#DP

L-3`P+#`P


]


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-S
L-#`P+#`P


V9&%?9C)B-E\T9&4T
M7V%A-39?-S`R-3!A968T-F)D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T


&UL('AM;&YS.F\],T0B=7)N.G-C
M:&5M87,M;6EC<F]S;V9T+6-O;3IO9F9I8V4Z;V9F:6-E(CX-B`\;SI-86EN

T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M:&5E=#$X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C
N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S4N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
M

T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970V-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$

M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS

T0B4VAE970W-BYH

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T.#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@T

`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
The Company maintains
reserves against accounts receivable for doubtful accounts and
inventory for obsolete and slow-moving inventory. The Company also
maintains reserves against accounts receivable for distributor
promotional allowances. In addition
 the Company maintains a
reserve for estimated returns of stale beer
 which is included in
accrued expenses.

&#xA0;

























Period



(Recovery)



Against Reserves




Period



















































































Period



(Recovery)



Against Reserves




Period














2
106



19
494



(19
285



2
315








2
012



18
831



(18
737



2
106








1
784



18
762



(18
534



2
012














Period



(Recovery)



Against Reserves




Period














1
773



2
405



(3
106



1
072








3
615



2
569



(4
411



1
773








3
686











3
615














Period



(Recovery)



Against Reserves




Period














2
019



3
174



(3
334



1
859








1
287



3
375



(2
643



2
019








2
464



1
758



(2
935



1
287








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
Depreciation is computed
using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful
lives of the underlying assets as follows:
































3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production agreement
whichever is shorter








Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or estimated
useful life of the asset








15 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of the
building
 whichever is shorter








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
Fiscal
Year
The Company&#x2019;s fiscal
year is a fifty-two or fifty-three week period ending on the last
Saturday in December. The fiscal period of 2012 consists of
fifty-two weeks
 fiscal period of 2011 consists of fifty-three
weeks
 and fiscal period of 2010 consist of fifty-two
weeks.



        
        
Principles of
Consolidation
The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its subsidiaries
 all of which are wholly-owned. All
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in
consolidation.



        
        
Segment
Reporting


consists of two operating segments that each produce and sell
alcohol beverages. The first operating segment is comprised of the
Company&#x2019;s Samuel Adams
Sam Adams Light
Twisted Tea
and Angry Orchard
brands. The second segment is the A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative
which is comprised of The Traveler Beer Company and Angel City
Brewing Company. Both segments have similar economic
characteristics. They also sell predominantly low alcohol
beverages
 which are sold to the same types of customers in similar
size quantities
 at similar price points and through substantially
the same channels of distribution. These beverages are manufactured
using similar production processes
 have comparable alcohol content
and generally fall under the same regulatory environment. Since the
operating segments are similar in the areas outlined above
 they
are aggregated for financial statements purposes.



        
        
Use of
Estimates
The preparation of the
consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.



        
        
Cash and Cash
Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
at December&#xA0;29
 2012 and December&#xA0;31
 2011 included cash
on-hand and money market instruments that are highly liquid
investments.



        
        
Accounts Receivable
and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
The Company&#x2019;s
accounts receivable primarily consist of trade receivables. The
Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts that is based on
historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the
aging of the accounts receivable balances combined with
management&#x2019;s estimate of future potential recoverability.
Receivables are written off against the allowance after all
attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company believes
its allowance for doubtful accounts as of December&#xA0;29
 2012
and December&#xA0;31
 2011 are adequate
 but actual write-offs
could exceed the recorded allowance.



        
        
Concentrations of
Credit Risk
Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk
consist principally of cash equivalents and trade receivables. The
Company places its cash equivalents with high credit quality
financial institutions. As of December&#xA0;29
 2012
 the
Company&#x2019;s cash and cash equivalents were invested in
investment-grade
 highly-liquid U.S. government agency corporate
money market accounts.
The Company sells primarily
to independent beer distributors across the United States and
Canada. Sales to non-Canadian foreign customers are insignificant.
Receivables arising from these sales are not collateralized;
however
 credit risk is minimized as a result of the large and
diverse nature of the Company&#x2019;s customer base. The Company
establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon factors
surrounding the credit risk of specific customers
 historical
trends and other information. There were no individual customer
accounts receivable balances outstanding at December&#xA0;29
 2012
and December&#xA0;31
 2011 that were in excess of 10% of the gross
accounts receivable balance on those dates. No individual customers
represented more than 10% of the Company&#x2019;s revenues during
fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010.



        
        
Financial Instruments
and Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The Company&#x2019;s primary
financial instruments consisted of cash equivalents
 accounts
receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses at
December&#xA0;29
 2012 and December&#xA0;31
 2011. The Company
determines the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
(&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) Accounting Standards Codification
(&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) Topic 820

Disclosures
the carrying amount of its cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts
payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the
short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The Company is
not exposed to significant interest
 currency or credit risks
arising from these financial assets and liabilities.



        
        
Inventories and
Provision for Excess or Expired Inventory
Inventories consist of raw
materials
 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which
principally consist of hops
 other brewing materials and packaging
are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or
market value. The cost elements of work in process and finished
goods inventory consist of raw materials
 direct labor and
manufacturing overhead. Packaging design costs are expensed as
incurred.
The provisions for excess
or expired inventory are based on management&#x2019;s estimates of
forecasted usage of inventories on hand and under contract. A
significant change in the timing or level of demand for certain
products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording
additional provisions for excess or expired inventory in the
future. Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of
goods sold and have historically been adequate to provide for
losses on its raw materials.
The computation of the
excess hops inventory requires management to make certain
assumptions regarding future sales growth
 product mix
 new
products
 cancellation costs
 and supply
 among others. The Company
manages inventory levels and purchase commitments in an effort to
maximize utilization of hops on hand and hops under commitment. The
Company&#x2019;s accounting policy for hops inventory and purchase
commitments is to recognize a loss by establishing a reserve to the
extent inventory levels and commitments exceed management&#x2019;s
expected future usage.



Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
Property
 Plant and
Equipment
Property
 plant
 and
equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for repairs and
maintenance are expensed as incurred. Major renewals and
betterments that extend the life of the property are capitalized.
Some of the Company&#x2019;s equipment is used by other brewing
companies to produce the Company&#x2019;s products under brewing
service arrangements (Note J). Depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method based upon the estimated useful lives of the
underlying assets as follows:

&#xA0;



















3 to 20 years
 or the term of the production agreement
whichever is shorter




Lesser of the remaining term of the lease or estimated
useful life of the asset




15 to 20 years
 or the remaining useful life of the
building
 whichever is shorter





        
        
Refundable Deposits
on Kegs and Pallets
The Company distributes its
draft beer in kegs and packaged beer primarily in glass bottles and
such kegs and bottles are shipped on pallets to wholesalers. All
kegs and pallets are owned by the Company. Kegs are reflected in
the Company&#x2019;s balance sheets at cost and are depreciated over
the estimated useful life of the keg
 while pallets are expensed
upon purchase. Upon shipment of beer to wholesalers
 the Company
collects a refundable deposit on the kegs and pallets
 which is
included in current liabilities in the Company&#x2019;s balance
sheets. Upon return of the kegs and pallets to the Company
 the
deposit is refunded to the wholesaler.
The Company has experienced
some loss of kegs and pallets and anticipates that some loss will
occur in future periods due to the significant volume of kegs and
pallets handled by each wholesaler and retailer
 the homogeneous
nature of kegs and pallets owned by most brewers and the relatively
small deposit collected for each keg when compared with its market
value. The Company believes that this is an industry-wide issue and
that the Company&#x2019;s loss experience is not atypical. The
Company believes that the loss of kegs and pallets
 after
considering the forfeiture of related deposits
 has not been
material to the financial statements. In 2010
 the Company began
estimating the physical count of kegs and pallets held by certain
of its larger wholesalers and the forfeited deposits attributable
to lost kegs and pallets. The Company uses internal records
records maintained by wholesalers
 records maintained by other
third party vendors and historical information to estimate the
physical count of kegs and pallets held by wholesalers. These
estimates affect the amount recorded as property
 plant and
equipment and current liabilities as of the date of the financial
statements. The actual liability for refundable deposits could
differ from these estimates. For the year ended December&#xA0;29
2012
 the Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
gross property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated
depreciation by $287
000
 $1.1 million and $1.1 million
respectively. For the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2011
 the
Company decreased its liability for refundable deposits
 gross
property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation
by $1.9 million
 $4.6 million and $4.6 million
 respectively. As of
December&#xA0;29
 2012 and December&#xA0;31
 2011
 the
Company&#x2019;s balance sheet includes $14.2 million and $12.6
million
 respectively
 in refundable deposits on kegs and pallets
and $9.8 million and $10.8 million
 respectively
 in keg equipment
net of accumulated depreciation.



        
        

Goodwill is comprised of
two items. It represents the excess of the purchase price of the
Company-owned brewery in Cincinnati
 Ohio (the &#x201C;Cincinnati
Brewery&#x201D;) over the fair value of the net assets acquired upon
the completion of the acquisition in November 2000. During the
first quarter of 2012
 the Company acquired substantially all of
the assets of Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a
Angel City Brewing Company and the excess of the purchase price
over the fair value of assets was allocated to goodwill. The
Company does not amortize goodwill
 but performs an annual
impairment analysis of goodwill by comparing the carrying value and
the fair value of its two reporting units at the end of the third
quarter of every fiscal year. The Company has concluded that its
goodwill was not impaired as of December&#xA0;29
 2012 and
December&#xA0;31
 2011.



        
        
Long-lived
Assets
Long-lived assets are
recorded at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives.
For purposes of determining whether there are any impairment
losses
 as further discussed below
 management has historically
examined the carrying value of the Company&#x2019;s identifiable
long-lived assets
 including their useful lives
 when indicators of
impairment are present. For all long-lived assets
 if an impairment
loss is identified based on the fair value of the asset
 as
compared to the carrying value of the asset
 such a loss would be
charged to expense in the period the impairment is identified.
Furthermore
 if the review of the carrying values of the long-lived
assets indicates impairment of such assets
 the Company may
determine that shorter estimated useful lives are more appropriate.
In that event
 the Company will be required to record additional
depreciation in future periods
 which will reduce
earnings.
Factors generally
considered important which could trigger an impairment review on
the carrying value of long-lived assets include the following:
(1)&#xA0;significant underperformance relative to historical or
projected future operating results; (2)&#xA0;significant changes in
the manner of use of acquired assets or the strategy for the
Company&#x2019;s overall business; (3)&#xA0;underutilization of
assets; and (4)&#xA0;discontinuance of products by the Company or
its customers. The Company believes that the carrying value of its
long-lived assets was realizable as of December&#xA0;29
 2012 and
December&#xA0;31
 2011.



        
        
Income
Taxes
The Company provides for
deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been
recognized in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements
or tax returns. This results in differences between the book and
tax bases of the Company&#x2019;s assets and liabilities and
carryforwards
 such as tax credits. In estimating future tax
consequences
 all expected future events
 other than enactment of
changes in the tax laws or rates
 are generally considered.
Valuation allowances are provided to the extent deemed necessary
when realization of deferred tax assets appears
unlikely.
The calculation of the
Company&#x2019;s tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties
in the application of complex tax regulations in several different
state tax jurisdictions. The Company is periodically reviewed by
tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These reviews
include inquiries regarding the timing and amount of deductions and
the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. In
accordance with ASC Topic 740
 
 the Company
records estimated reserves for exposures associated with positions
that it takes on its income tax returns in accordance with that
standard.



        
        
Excise
Taxes
The Company is responsible
for compliance with the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of
the U.S. Treasury Department (the &#x201C;TTB&#x201D;) regulations
which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The
Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB.
Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in
varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense
based upon units produced and on its understanding of the
applicable excise tax laws.



        
        
Revenue
Recognition
Net revenue includes
product sales
 less the distributor promotional discount allowance
certain wholesaler incentives
 as discussed below in Wholesaler
Incentives
 the stale beer accrual and excise taxes. The Company
recognizes revenue on product sales at the time when the product is
shipped and the following conditions are met: persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists
 title has passed to the customer
according to the shipping terms
 the price is fixed and
determinable
 and collection of the sales proceeds is reasonably
assured. If the conditions for revenue recognition are not met
 the
Company defers the revenue until all conditions are met. As of
December&#xA0;29
 2012
 the Company has deferred $3.6 million in
revenue related to product shipped prior to December&#xA0;29
 2012.
As December&#xA0;31
 2011
 the Company has deferred $1.7 million in
revenue related to product shipped prior to December&#xA0;31
 2011.
These amounts are included in accrued expenses and other current
liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets.
In certain circumstances
and with the Company&#x2019;s approval
 the Company accepts and
destroys stale beer that is returned by distributors. The Company
credits approximately fifty percent of the distributor&#x2019;s cost
of the beer that has passed its expiration date for freshness when
it is returned to the Company or destroyed. The Company reduces
revenue and establishes an accrual based upon both historical
returns
 which is applied to an estimated lag time for receipt of
product
 and knowledge of specific return transactions. Stale beer
expense is reflected in the accompanying financial statements as a
reduction of revenue; however
 the actual stale beer expense
incurred by the Company could differ from the estimated
accrual.



        
        
Cost of Goods
Sold
The following expenses are
included in cost of goods sold: raw material costs
 packaging
costs
 costs and income related to deposit activity
 purchasing and
receiving costs
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 brewing and
processing costs
 inspection costs relating to quality control
inbound freight charges
 depreciation expense related to
manufacturing equipment and warehousing costs
 which include rent
labor and overhead costs.



        
        
Shipping
Costs
Costs incurred for the
shipping of products to customers are included in advertising
promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income. The Company incurred shipping costs of $36.3
million
 $31.1 million and $24.1 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011
and 2010
 respectively.



        
        
Advertising and Sales
Promotions
The following expenses are
included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the
accompanying consolidated statements of income: media advertising
costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
and meals
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales and
sales support workforce
 promotional activity expenses
 freight
charges related to shipments of finished goods from manufacturing
locations to distributor locations and point-of-sale items. Total
advertising and sales promotional expenditures of $78.3 million
$73.4 million and $66.1 million were included in advertising
promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income for fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively.
The Company conducts
certain advertising and promotional activities in its
wholesalers&#x2019; markets and the wholesalers make contributions
to the Company for such efforts. Reimbursements from wholesalers
for advertising and promotional activities are recorded as
reductions to advertising
 promotional and selling
expenses.



        
        
Customer Programs and
Incentives
Customer programs and
incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs
and customer incentives
 are a common practice in the alcohol
beverage industry. The Company incurs customer program costs to
promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing.
Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives
are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic
605-50

Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts
paid to customers totaled $28.1 million
 $26.5 million and $26.0
million in fiscal year 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively.
The Company enters into
customer promotional discount programs with its various wholesalers
for certain periods of time. Amounts paid to wholesalers in
connection with these programs in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
were $19.5 million
 $18.8 million
 and $18.8 million
 respectively.
The reimbursements for discounts to wholesalers are recorded as
reductions to net revenue. The agreed-upon discount rates are
applied to certain wholesalers&#x2019; sales to retailers
 based on
volume metrics
 in order to determine the total discounted amount.
The computation of the discount allowance requires that management
make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the timing and
amounts of revenue and liabilities recorded. Actual promotional
discounts owed and paid have historically been in line with
allowances recorded by the Company
 however
 the amounts could
differ from the estimated allowance.
The Company has customer
incentive arrangements primarily with its wholesalers based upon
performance of certain marketing and advertising activities by the
wholesalers. Depending on applicable state laws and regulations
these activities promoting the Company&#x2019;s products may
include
 but are not limited to point-of-sale and merchandise
placement
 samples
 product displays
 promotional programs at
retail locations and meals
 travel and entertainment. Amounts paid
to customers primarily for customer incentives were $8.6 million
$7.7 million and $7.2 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively. Prior to 2012
 these customer incentives were
recorded in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. During
2012
 the Company began recording certain of these costs in the
total amount of $6.3 million as reductions to net revenue rather
than in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses. Costs
recognized as reduction to net revenues include
 but are not
limited to
 promotional discounts
 sales incentives and certain
other promotional activities. Costs typically recognized in
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses include point of sale
materials
 samples and media advertising expenditures in local
markets. These costs are recorded as incurred
 generally when
invoices are received; however certain estimates are required at
period end. Estimates are based on historical and projected
experience for each type of program or customer and have
historically been in line with actual costs
incurred.



        
        
General and
Administrative Expenses
The following expenses are
included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income: general and administrative
salary and benefit expenses
 insurance costs
 professional service
fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment
expenses for general and administrative employees
 and other
general and administrative overhead costs.



        
        
Stock-Based
Compensation
The Company accounts for
share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 (&#x201C;ASC
718&#x201D;)
 which generally requires recognition of share-based
compensation costs in financial statements based on fair value.
Compensation cost is recognized over the period during which an
employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
(the requisite service period). The amount of compensation cost
recognized in the consolidated statements of income is based on the
awards ultimately expected to vest
 and therefore
 reduced for
estimated forfeitures.
As permitted by ASC 718
the Company elected to use a lattice model
 such as the binomial
option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of stock options
with the exception of the 2008 stock option grant to the
Company&#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is considered to be
a market-based award and was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo
Simulation pricing model
 which calculates multiple potential
outcomes for an award and establishes fair value based on the most
likely outcome. See Note N for further discussion of the
application of the option-pricing models.



        
        
Net Income Per
Share
Basic net income per share
is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average common
shares outstanding. Diluted net income per share is calculated by
dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares and
potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period using
the treasury stock method or the two-class method
 whichever is
more dilutive.



        
        

Certain amounts in prior
periods have been reclassified in order to conform to current
presentation.



        
        
Environmental
Matters
In accordance with ASC
Topic 410


the Company accrues for environmental remediation-related
activities for which commitments or cleanup plans have been
developed and for which costs can be reasonably estimated.&#xA0;All
accrued amounts are generally determined on an undiscounted
basis.



        
        
Recent Accounting
Pronouncements
In July 2012
 the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2012-02

Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment
2012-02&#x201D;)
 to allow entities to use a qualitative approach to
test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. ASU 2012-02
permits an entity to first perform a qualitative assessment to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of
an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying
value. If it is concluded that this is the case
 it is necessary to
perform the currently prescribed quantitative impairment test by
comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset
with its carrying value. Otherwise
 the quantitative impairment
test is not required. ASU 2012-02 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after September 15
 2012. As permitted by ASU 2012-02
the Company early adopted this statement in 2012
 which did not
have a material impact on its financial statements.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Section 02
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.
              
 -Paragraph 18-23
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7-18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate
 Continuing Operations
 Total
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the federal tax benefit (expense) thereon
 recorded during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whether recorded or adjusted
 during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
In management&#x2019;s
opinion
 the following unaudited information includes all
adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary
for a fair presentation of the information for the quarters
presented. The operating results for any quarter are not
necessarily indicative of results for any future
quarters.











































For Quarters
Ended





December 29

2012 (3)
(13
weeks)


September 29

2012
(13
weeks)


June 30

2012
(13
weeks)


March 31

2012
(13
weeks)


December 31

2011(2)
(14
weeks)


September 24

2011
(13
weeks)


June 25


(13 weeks)


March 26

2011
(13
weeks)





(In thousands
 except
per share data)














































153
000



166
448



147
503



113
271



142
054



134
813



133
957



102
176











































































79
776



93
242



80
383



61
809



80
089



76
031



76
073



52
374











































































26
988



33
310



23
445



11
841



25
730



26
413



44
923



6
589











































































16
873



20
750



14
351



7
493



17
785



16
296



28
019



3
959







































































Net income per share
&#x2013; basic







































































































Net income per share
&#x2013; diluted












































































































During the second quarter
of 2011
 the Company entered into a settlement agreement with its
former glass supplier. The Company received a cash payment of $20.5
million which was recorded as an offset to operating
expenses.







During the fourth quarter
of 2011
 the Company recorded a $2.1 million decrease in its tax
liabilities as a result of a state tax audit settlement and a $1.5
million decrease in its liability for refundable deposits for lost
kegs and pallets.







During the fourth quarter
of 2012
 the Company recorded $3.5 million of promotional expenses
as contra revenue which had previously been included in
Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses.











        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
Inventories consisted of
the following:

&#xA0;















December&#xA0;29

2012


December&#xA0;31

2011





(in
thousands)








27
867



21
191








8
897



6
670








9
092



6
211

























45
856



34
072




Less portion included in
other long term assets



(1
495





























44
361



34
072



























        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
Prepaid expenses and other
assets consisted of the following:

&#xA0;















December&#xA0;29




December&#xA0;31







(in
thousands)








3
452



3
866




Income taxes
receivable



1
645



7
762




Grant receivable &#x2013;
environmental remediation (see Note J)



1
330



2
589






































6
628



14
605



























        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Organization and Basis
of Presentation




Company
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) are
engaged in the business of selling alcohol beverages throughout the
United States and in selected international markets
 under the
trade names &#x201C;The Boston Beer Company
&#x201D; &#x201C;Twisted
Tea Brewing Company
&#x201D; and &#x201C;Angry Orchard Cider
Company.&#x201D; The Company&#x2019;s Samuel Adams
beers and Sam Adams Light
are produced and sold under the trade name &#x201C;The Boston Beer
Company.&#x201D; A&amp;S Brewing Collaborative LLC
 d/b/a
Alchemy&#xA0;&amp; Science (&#x201C;A&amp;S&#x201D;)
 a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company
 produces and sells beer under the trade
names &#x201C;The Traveler Beer Co.&#x201D; (formerly &#x201C;House of
Shandy&#x201D;) and &#x201C;Angel City Brewing
Company.&#x201D;





        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 C1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)

        

      






Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
Property
 plant and
equipment consisted of the following:

&#xA0;















December&#xA0;29

2012


December&#xA0;31

2011





(In
thousands)




Machinery and plant
equipment



183
828



137
246








46
899



43
847








24
515



24
249




Building and building
improvements



36
667



25
220




Office equipment and
furniture



12
580



11
047




Leasehold
improvements



6
193



3
717

























310
682



245
326




Less accumulated
depreciation



120
734



101
740

























189
948



143
586



























        
          

        
          
            

 Plant and Equipment
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to the parent entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
Information related to
stock options under the Equity Plan and the Non-Employee Director
Plan is summarized as follows:

































Price






in Years




Value
(in
thousands)





Outstanding at December 31
2011



1
908
664




















59
967




















(4
550









































(245
965







































Outstanding at December 29
2012



1
718
116











148
684



































Exercisable at December 29
2012



409
272











39
404



































Vested and expected to vest
at December 29
 2012



1
551
968











133
610






































        
        
The following table
provides information regarding stock-based compensation expense
included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income:



























(53
weeks)








(in
thousands)





Amounts included in
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses



2
452



2
236



1
116




Amounts included in general
and administrative expenses



4
076



3
942



2
008































Total stock-based
compensation expense



6
528



6
178



3
124































Amounts related to
performance-based stock options included in total stock-based
compensation expense
















































Net of a reversal of
approximately $872
000 of expense related to a performance-based
option to purchase 120
000 shares granted to the Chief Executive
Officer in 2005.






        
        
Weighted average
assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock options on the
date of grants are as follows:



































Expected
volatility
















Risk-free interest
rate
















Expected
dividends

































Discount for post-vesting
restrictions



















        
        
The following table
summarizes the estimated future annual stock-based compensation
expense related to share-based arrangements existing as of
December&#xA0;29
 2012 that are expected to vest (in
thousands):



















4
342








3
404








2
821








1
462

















1
068



















13
735


















        
        
The following table
summarizes vesting activities of shares issued under the investment
share program and restricted stock awards:




















Shares





Value





Non-vested at December 31
2011



141
391












29
735












(49
356












(6
938























Non-vested at December 29
2012



114
832


























        
        
As of December 29
 2012
the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately
10.7 million shares of its Class A Common Stock for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $269.9 million as
follows:




















Shares




Price








(in
thousands)





Repurchased at December 26
2009



8
669
795



121
091








1
101
708



67
981























Repurchased at December 25
2010



9
771
503



189
072








760
036



62
824























Repurchased at December 31
2011



10
531
539



251
896








165
192



18
046























Repurchased at December 29
2012



10
696
731



269
942



























        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 and exercisable awards. The information that may be disclosed in this table may include
 but is not limited to
 number of shares
 weighted average exercise price
 weighted average remaining contractual life
 and aggregate intrinsic value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the average cost per share
 carrying basis for each class of treasury stock
 description of share repurchase program authorized by an entity's board of directors
 the number of shares repurchased
 the cost of the shares repurchased
 the remaining maximum dollar value of shares available for repurchase under the program
 the treatment of the purchase price in excess of the current market value
 number of shares held for each class of treasury stock
 and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


        

805

867
        


Employee wages
 benefits and reimbursements

701

638
        


Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

158

788
        


        

803

810
        


        

109

316
        


        

491

721
        


        

469

589

600


        

993

514
        


Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 Total

529

243
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 payable in twelve months or in the next operating cycle if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 161
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including value added tax. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






 2010

          



Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs [Line Items]
        
        


        
        

000


        
        

000




        
          

        
          
            

 Compensation Cost Reversal
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

463

450


Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $125 and $66 as of December 29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 respectively

479

233


        

361

072


        

628

605


        

411

363


        

342

723


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

948

586


        

656

802


        

538

377


        

484

488


        
        
        


        

303

806


        
        
        


        

529

243


        

894

049


        

463

349


Note payable
 less current portion
        
        


        

470

345


        

393

743


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

305

336


Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax
        
        


        

541

119


        

091

745


        

484

488



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include
 but not limited to
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Also includes the aggregate carrying amount of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        

 or the term of the production agreement
 whichever is shorter



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        

 or the remaining useful life of the building
 whichever is shorter



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 tax benefit

894

346

014


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 tax
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of reclassification adjustments
 of the change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans
 attributable to the parent entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which increases net cash provided by operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        

935

129


        
        
        


        
        

808)


        
        

561)


        
        
        


        

263

935




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Increases (Decreases) Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
Significant components of
the provision (benefit) for income taxes are as follows:




































(in
thousands)


























27
903



31
845



20
989








6
009



5
809



5
505



































33
912



37
654



26
494

























2
279







3
938




















































2
139







4
472































Total income tax
provision



36
051



37
441



30
966


































        
        
The Company&#x2019;s
reconciliations to statutory rates are as follows:

&#xA0;















































State income taxes
 net of
federal benefit
















Deduction relating to U.S.
production activities
















Change in income tax
contingencies
















State audit
settlement








































































































        
        
Significant components of
the Company&#x2019;s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as
follows at:

&#xA0;















December&#xA0;29

2012


December&#xA0;31

2011





(in
thousands)




Deferred tax
assets:
















2
537



2
424




Stock-based compensation
expense



7
106



6
059








2
762



2
099








2
263



2
340























Total deferred tax
assets



14
668



12
922




Valuation
allowance































Total deferred tax assets
net of valuation allowance



14
125



12
377




Deferred tax
liabilities:












Property
 plant and
equipment



(27
961



(24
068

















































Total deferred tax
liabilities



(29
176



(25
363























Net deferred tax
liabilities



(15
051



(12
986

























        
        
A reconciliation of the
beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows:

&#xA0;
























(in
thousands)




Balance at beginning of
year



1
935



7
129




Increases related to
current year tax positions












Decrease Increase related
to prior year tax positions







(1
808




Decreases related to
settlements







(3
561




Decreases related to lapse
of statute of limitations































Balance at end of
year



1
263



1
935



























        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 uncertain tax positions) and other types of income tax contingencies
 including: (1) the policy on classification of interest and penalties; (2) a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the period; the total amount(s) of: (3) unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate
 and (4) interest and penalties recognized in each of the income statement and balance sheet; (5) for positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date the: (i) nature of the uncertainty
 (ii) nature of the event that could occur that would cause the change
 and (iii) an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made; and (6) a description of tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

534

907




 Inputs


        
        


        
        
        


        

534

907




 Inputs


        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




 Inputs


        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Company may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Employee Retirement
Plans and Post-Retirement Benefit Plan


The Company has two
retirement plans covering substantially all non-union employees
two retirement plans covering substantially all union employees
and one post-retirement medical plan covering substantially all
union employees.
Prior to 2012
 the Company
participated in two multi-employer pension plans administrated by
organized labor unions. The Company&#x2019;s share of the unfunded
benefit obligations
 employer contributions and benefit costs were
not significant individually or in the aggregate to these plans and
to the Company&#x2019;s financial statements. The Company made
aggregate contributions to the two multi-employer plans of $4
000
$43
000 and $35
000 in 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. During
2012
 the Company withdrew from both multi-employer retirement
plans under agreements whereby the Company will no longer
contribute to or participate in those plans. The Company recorded a
total estimated withdrawal liability of $140
000 which is included
in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet
as of December&#xA0;29
 2012.
Non-Union
Plans
The Boston Beer Company
401(k) Plan (the &#x201C;Boston Beer 401(k) Plan&#x201D;)
 which was
established by the Company in 1993
 is a Company-sponsored defined
contribution plan that covers a majority of the Company&#x2019;s
non-union employees who are employed by Boston Beer Corporation
Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd
 and A&amp;S Brewing
Collaborative LLC. All non-union employees of these entities over
the age of 21 are eligible to participate in the plan on the first
day of the first month after commencing employment. Participants
may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their annual
compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. After the sixth month of
employment
 the Company matches each participant&#x2019;s
contribution. A maximum of 6% of compensation is taken into account
in determining the amount of the match. The Company matches 100% of
the first $1
000 of the eligible compensation participants
contribute. Thereafter
 the Company matches 50% of the eligible
contribution. The Company&#x2019;s contributions to the Boston Beer
401(k) Plan amounted to $1.4 million
 $1.3 million and $1.1 million
in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. The Company is
responsible for the payment of any fees related to the management
of the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to the
Company.
The Samuel Adams
Pennsylvania Brewery Company 401(k) Plan (the &#x201C;SAPB 401(k)
Plan&#x201D;)
 which was established in 2008
 covers a majority of
the Company&#x2019;s employees who are employed by Samuel Adams
Pennsylvania Brewery Company (&#x201C;SAPB&#x201D;). All employees of
SAPB over the age of 21 are eligible to participate in the plan
thirty days after commencing employment. Participants in the SAPB
401(k) Plan may make voluntary contributions up to 60% of their
annual compensation
 subject to IRS limitations. Under the SAPB
401(k) Plan
 participants receive a Company match equal to 100% of
the first 1% of their eligible compensation and 50% of the next 5%
of their eligible compensation that is contributed to the plan.
Pursuant to the terms of the Contract of Sale with Diageo North
America
 Inc. (&#x201C;Diageo&#x201D;)
 from who the Company
purchased SAPB in 2008
 the Company recognized all service of those
Diageo employees who were subsequently hired by the Company for
eligibility and vesting. The Company&#x2019;s contribution to the
SAPB 401(k) Plan amounted to $0.5 million
 $0.5 million and $0.4
million in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. The
Company is responsible for the payment of any fees related to the
management of the SAPB 401(k) Plan. Such fees are not material to
the Company. Effective January&#xA0;1
 2013
 the SAPB 401(k) Plan
merged with and into the Boston Beer 401(k) Plan.
Union
Plans
The Company has one defined
contribution plan
 one defined benefit plan and one post-retirement
medical plan
 which combined cover substantially all union
employees who are employed by Samuel Adams Brewery Company
Ltd.
The defined contribution
plan
 the Samuel Adams Brewery Company
 Ltd. 401(k) Plan for
Represented Employees (the &#x201C;SABC 401(k) Plan&#x201D;)
 is a
Company sponsored plan. It was established in 1997 and is available
to all union employees upon completion of one hour of full-time
employment. Participants may make voluntary contributions up to 60%
of their annual compensation to the SABC 401(k) Plan
 subject to
IRS limitations. Effective April 1
 2007
 the Company makes a
non-elective contribution for certain bargaining employees who are
members of a specific union. Effective November
 2011
 the Company
expanded the non-elective contribution for additional union
members. Company contributions were insignificant. The Company also
incurs insignificant administration costs for the
plan.
The defined benefit plan is
a Company-sponsored pension plan
 The Local Union #1199 Defined
Benefit Pension Plan (the &#x201C;Local 1199 Pension Plan&#x201D;).
It was established in 1991 and is eligible to all union employees
who are covered by the Company&#x2019;s collective bargaining
agreement and have completed twelve consecutive months of
employment with at least 750 hours worked. The defined benefit is
determined based on years of service since July 1991. The Company
made combined contributions of $151
000
 $542
000 and $105
000 to
this plan in fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. At December
29
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 the unfunded projected pension
benefits were not material to the Company&#x2019;s financial
statements.
A comprehensive medical
plan is offered to union employees who have voluntarily retired at
the age of 65 or have become permanently disabled (the
&#x201C;Retiree Medical Plan&#x201D;). Employees must have worked for
the Company or the prior owners for at least 20 years at the
Company&#x2019;s Cincinnati Brewery
 been enrolled in the
Company&#x2019;s medical insurance plan for 5 consecutive years
prior to retirement and be eligible for Medicare benefits under the
Social Security Act. Eligible retirees pay 100% of the cost of the
coverage. In addition
 the Company provides a supplement to
eligible retirees from the Local Union #1199 and the local Union
#20 to assist them with the cost of Medicare gap coverage. The
accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation was determined using
a discount rate of 4.0% at December 29
 2012
 4.5% at December 31
2011 and 5.5% at December 31
 2010
 and a 2.5% increase in the
Cincinnati Consumer Price Index for the years then ended. The
effect of a 1% point increase and the effect of a 1% point decrease
in the assumed health care cost trend rates on the aggregate of the
service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement
health care benefit costs and the accumulated post-retirement
benefit obligation for health care benefits would not be
significant.


The funded status of the
Company&#x2019;s principal defined benefit pension plan and
post-retirement medical benefit plan are as
follows:



























Local 1199 Pension
Plan


Retiree Medical
Plan





December 29

2012


December 31

2011


December 29

2012


December
31







(in
thousands)





Fair value of plan assets
at end of fiscal year



2
026



1
710












Benefit obligation at end
of fiscal year



3
095



2
598



















































(1
069


















































The Local 1199 Plan invests
in a family of funds that are designed to minimize excessive
short-term risk and focus on consistent
 competitive long-term
performance
 consistent with the funds&#x2019; investment
objectives. The fund-specific objectives vary and include
maximizing long-term returns both before and after taxes
maximizing total return from capital appreciation plus income and
funds that invest in common stock of companies that cover a broad
range of industries. The fair value of the plan assets was
determined by reference to period end quoted market
prices.
The basis of the long-term
rate of return assumption of 7% reflects the Local 1199
Plan&#x2019;s current targeted asset mix of approximately 35% debt
securities and 65% equity securities with assumed average annual
returns of approximately 4% to 6% for debt securities and 8% to 12%
for equity securities. It is assumed that the Local 1199
Plan&#x2019;s investment portfolio will be adjusted periodically to
maintain the targeted ratios of debt securities and equity
securities. Additional consideration is given to the plan&#x2019;s
historical returns as well as future long-range projections of
investment returns for each asset category. The assumed discount
rate in estimating the pension obligation was 4.0% in 2012
 4.5% in
2011
 and 5.5% in 2010.
The Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s
weighted-average asset allocations at the measurement dates by
asset category are as follows:



















Asset
Category


December
29




December
31







Equity
securities




















































































        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 20
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
As of December&#xA0;29
2012
 projected cash outflows under hops purchase commitments for
each of the remaining years under the contracts are as
follows:















(In
thousands)









18
657








5
933








3
444








1
632


























29
666


















        
        
Aggregate minimum annual
rental payments under these agreements are as follows:















(In
thousands)









1
874








1
894








1
705








1
704

















1
518

















9
345




















        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 including the item for which expenditures will be made
 minimum quantities
 milestones
 time period and committed amount.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Loss


Accumulated other
comprehensive loss represents amounts of unrecognized actuarial
losses related to the Company sponsored defined benefit pension
plan and post-retirement medical plan
 net of tax effect. Changes
in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent actuarial losses
or gains
 net of tax effect
 recognized as components of net
periodic benefit costs. The defined benefit plans liability
adjustments for periods ended 2012
 2011
 and 2010 were $45
000
$400
000
 and $79
000
 respectively.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Preliminary Aggregate Purchase Price Allocation (Detail) (Southern California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 USD $)











        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment

000


        

000


        

161
000


        

900
000


        

000


        

700
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the excess of the cost of the acquired entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment to be used in ongoing operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

467

059

142


        
        
        
        


        

208

792

427


        
        
        
        


Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

528

178

124


        

894)

346)

014)


        

066
        

425


        
        
        
        


        

305)

161)

146)


        

289)

458)

056)


        

123

146)

950)


        

002
        

832)


        

491
        

340


        
        
        

021


        

330

760

830


        
        
        
        


Purchases of property
 plant and equipment

010)

599)

608)


        

726)
        
        


        
        
        
        


Proceeds from disposal of property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


        

323)

599)

588)


        
        
        
        


        

046)

824)

981)


        

727

107

661


        
        
        
        


        

894

346

014


        
        
        
        


        

994)

680)

754)


        

013
        

512)


        

450

969

481


        

463

450

969


        
        
        
        


        

782

556

769


        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

161
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment asset that was sold or retired during the reporting period. This element refers to the gain (loss).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent liabilities
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent liabilities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        



          

        
        


Common Stock
 par value
        
        


Common Stock
 shares authorized

700
000

700
000


Common Stock
 shares issued

703
670

714
931


Common Stock
 shares outstanding

703
670

714
931



          

        
        


Common Stock
 par value
        
        


Common Stock
 shares authorized

200
000

200
000


Common Stock
 shares issued

107
355

107
355


Common Stock
 shares outstanding

107
355

107
355




        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Commitments and
Contingencies


Purchase
Commitments
The Company had outstanding
total non-cancelable purchase commitments of $106.8 million at
December&#xA0;29
 2012. These commitments are made up of hops and
malt totaling $40.1 million
 equipment and machinery of $25.6
million
 glass bottles of $15.4 million
 advertising contracts of
$14.7 million
 and other of $11.0 million.
The Company has entered
into contracts for the supply of a portion of its hops
requirements. These purchase contracts extend through crop year
2016 and specify both the quantities and prices
 mostly denominated
in Euros
 to which the Company is committed. Hops purchase
commitments outstanding at December&#xA0;29
 2012 totaled
$29.7&#xA0;million
 based on the exchange rates on that date. The
Company does not use forward currency exchange contracts and
intends to purchase future hops using the exchange rate at the time
of purchase. As of December&#xA0;29
 2012
 projected cash outflows
under hops purchase commitments for each of the remaining years
under the contracts are&#xA0; as follows:















(In
thousands)









18
657








5
933








3
444








1
632


























29
666














Currently
 the Company has
entered into contracts for barley
 wheat
 and malt with two major
suppliers. The contracts include crop year 2012 and covers a
portion of the Company&#x2019;s barley and wheat requirements for
2013. Barley
 wheat
 and malt purchase commitments outstanding at
December 29
 2012 totaled $10.4 million.
The Company sources glass
bottles pursuant to a Glass Bottle Supply Agreement with Anchor
Glass Container Corporation (&#x201C;Anchor&#x201D;) under which
Anchor is the exclusive supplier of certain glass bottles for the
Cincinnati Brewery and the Pennsylvania Brewery. This agreement
also establishes the terms on which Anchor may supply glass bottles
to other breweries where the Company brews its beers. Under the
Anchor agreement
 the Company has minimum and maximum purchase
commitments that are based on Company-provided production estimates
which
 under normal business conditions
 are expected to be
fulfilled. Minimum purchase commitments under this agreement
assuming Anchor is unable to replace lost production capacity
cancelled by the Company
 as of December 29
 2012 totaled $15.4
million.
For the fiscal year ended
December 29
 2012
 the Company brewed most of its volume at Company
owned breweries. In the normal course of its business
 the Company
has historically entered into various production arrangements with
other brewing companies. Pursuant to these arrangements
 the
Company purchases the liquid produced by those brewing companies
including the raw materials that are used in the liquid
 at the
time such liquid goes into fermentation. The Company is required to
repurchase all unused raw materials purchased by the brewing
company specifically for the Company&#x2019;s beers at the brewing
company&#x2019;s cost upon termination of the production
arrangement. The Company is also obligated to meet annual volume
requirements in conjunction with certain production arrangements
which are not material to the Company&#x2019;s
operations.
The Company&#x2019;s
arrangements with other brewing companies require it to
periodically purchase equipment in support of brewery operations.
As of December 29
 2012
 there were no significant equipment
purchase requirements outstanding under existing contracts. Changes
to the Company&#x2019;s brewing strategy or existing production
arrangements
 new production relationships or the introduction of
new products in the future may require the Company to purchase
equipment to support the contract breweries&#x2019;
operations.
Lease
Commitments
The Company has various
operating lease agreements in place for facilities and equipment as
of December 29
 2012. Terms of these leases include
 in some
instances
 scheduled rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and
maintenance costs
 and vary by lease. These lease obligations
expire at various dates through 2021. Aggregate rent expense was
$2.0 million
 $1.4 million and $1.3 million in fiscal years 2012
2011 and 2010
 respectively.


Aggregate minimum annual
rental payments under these agreements are as
follows:















(In
thousands)









1
874








1
894








1
705








1
704

















1
518

















9
345















In
2009
 the Company was informed that ownership of the High Falls
brewery located in Rochester
 New York (the &#x201C;Rochester
Brewery&#x201D;) changed and that the new owners would not assume
the Company&#x2019;s existing contract for brewing services at the
Rochester Brewery. Brewing of the Company&#x2019;s products at the
Rochester Brewery subsequently ceased in April 2009. In February
2010
 the Company filed a Demand for Arbitration with the American
Arbitration Association (the &#x201C;arbitration&#x201D;) which
 as
amended
 asserted a breach of contract claim against the previous
owner of the Rochester Brewery. In March 2010
 the new and previous
owners of the Rochester Brewery filed a complaint in federal court
seeking a declaratory judgment and injunction to require certain of
the Company&#x2019;s claims to proceed in court
 rather than in the
arbitration. In April 2010
 the Company filed an answer to that
complaint and asserted certain counterclaims
 including a claim
against the new owners of the Rochester Brewery for interference
with contract. The court denied the new and previous owners&#x2019;
motion for a preliminary injunction in June 2010. A hearing in the
arbitration was held in October 2010. In January 2011
 the
arbitrator issued an award of approximately $1.3 million in damages
and expenses to be paid by High Falls Brewery Company
 LLC to the
Company
 although the likelihood of collection of such award is in
doubt. In August 2011
 the district court granted the previous
owner&#x2019;s motion to dismiss the interference claim
 and in June
2012 the court denied a motion to amend that claim.&#xA0;The
Company filed an appeal of those rulings in September 2012
 which
is pending.
The Company is currently
not a party to any pending or threatened litigation
 the outcome of
which would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its
financial condition or the results of its operations.
Environmental
Matters
During the second quarter
of 2010
 the Company entered into an agreement with the City of
Cincinnati (the &#x201C;City&#x201D;) to complete a remediation in
accordance with a remediation plan on environmentally contaminated
land to be purchased by the City which is adjacent to Company-owned
land at the Cincinnati Brewery (the
&#x201C;Property&#x201D;).&#xA0;In the third quarter of 2010
 the
City was awarded a Clean Ohio Revitalization Fund grant
(&#x201C;CORF Grant&#x201D;) for the Property and will use these
funds to complete the purchase of the Property and will provide
funds to the Company to remediate the contaminated land and
demolish certain other buildings on adjacent parcels.&#xA0;The
Company paid approximately $0.3 million to the City for an option
to purchase the Property after it has been fully remediated to
enable potential future expansion at the Cincinnati Brewery
 which
is included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet.&#xA0;In connection with
these agreements
 the Company recorded a current liability and an
equal and offsetting other asset of approximately $2.6 million for
the estimated total cleanup costs for which it is responsible under
the remediation plan and the related CORF Grant
respectively.&#xA0;Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company
would not be reimbursed by the City for any remediation cost above
the currently estimated cleanup cost of approximately $2.6
million.


During the second quarter
of 2012
 the Company entered into a second agreement with the City
to complete a remediation in accordance with a remediation plan on
environmentally contaminated land purchased by the Company which is
also adjacent to Company-owned land at the Cincinnati Brewery (the
&#x201C;Second Property&#x201D;). The City was awarded a Clean Ohio
Revitalization Fund grant (&#x201C;CORF II Grant&#x201D;) and will
provide funds to the Company to offset a portion of the purchase
price of the Second Property
 clean-up the contaminated land and
buildings and to then demolish the buildings located on the Second
Property. The Company paid approximately $263
000 to purchase the
Second Property
 which is included in property
 plant and
equipment
 net
 in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. In
connection with these arrangements
 the Company recorded a current
liability and an equal and offsetting other asset of approximately
$663
000 for the estimated total acquisition and cleanup costs for
which it is responsible under the remediation plan and the related
CORF II Grant
 respectively. Under the terms of the agreement with
the City
 the Company would not be reimbursed by the City for any
remediation cost above the currently estimated acquisition and
cleanup costs of approximately $663
000.
Company accrues for
environmental remediation-related activities for which commitments
or cleanup plans have been developed and for which costs can be
reasonably estimated.&#xA0;All accrued amounts are generally
determined in coordination with third-party experts on an
undiscounted basis.&#xA0;In light of existing reserves
 any
additional remediation costs above the currently estimated cost of
$3.2 million will not
 in the opinion of management
 have a
material adverse effect on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated
financial position or results of operations.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      










 2013

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

         2012
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        

010
600
000
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
        

758
696

107
355




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Product
Recall




April&#xA0;7
 2008
 the Company announced a voluntary product
recall of certain glass bottles of its Samuel Adams
products. The recall was a precautionary step and resulted from
routine quality control inspections at the Cincinnati Brewery
which detected glass inclusions in certain bottles of beer. The
bottles were from a single glass plant that supplied bottles to the
Company. The glass plant in question supplied approximately 25% of
the Company&#x2019;s glass bottles during the first quarter of 2008.
The recall process was substantially completed during the fourth
quarter of 2008.
The following table
summarizes the Company&#x2019;s reserves and excise tax credit due
upon the destruction of the returned beer and related activities
for the 2008 product recall (in thousands):




























December 31

2011



Estimates



Used



December 29

2012





Excise tax
credit




















Recall-related
costs




















Inventory
reserves








































































































































December 25

2010



Estimates



Used



December 31

2011





Excise tax
credit




















Recall-related
costs




















Inventory
reserves



2
796







(2
736













































2
893







(2
778






































































December 26





Estimates



Used



December 25

2010


























Excise tax
credit




















Recall-related
costs




















Inventory
reserves



2
421











2
796









































2
518











2
893







































the second quarter of 2011
and its former glass bottle
supplier entered into an agreement to settle all claims regarding
the recall. The Company received a cash payment of $20.5 million
which was recorded as an offset to operating expenses
 and all
parties have released each other of any claims as they relate to
this matter. In addition
 the Company reversed approximately
$0.6&#xA0;million in reserves against invoices due to the supplier
which was recorded as an offset to cost of goods sold.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Basic (Detail) (USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































Earnings Per Share
 Basic
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

873
        

750

351

493

785
        

296

019
        

959

467

059

142


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

467

059

142


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

914

012

660


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

009

209

066


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

689

905

553


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

913

850

076


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

107

107

107


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 the Company recorded $3.5 million of promotional expenses as contra revenue which had previously been included in Advertising



              




              









        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Nonvested.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        

580

282

870


        

358

282

072


        

222

000

798


        

012

433

471


        

210

567

327


        
        
        
        


Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

306

261

737


        

171

485

112


        
        
        
        


        
        

500)
        


        

626

912

149


        

584

655

178


Other (expense) income
 net:
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other (expense) income
 net
        
        
        


Total other (expense) income
 net
        
        
        


        

517

500

108


        

050

441

966


        

467

059

142


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

435

741

228


Other comprehensive income
 net of tax:
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

422

659

063



          

        
        
        


Other (expense) income
 net:
        
        
        


        

689

905

553



          

        
        
        


Other (expense) income
 net:
        
        
        


        

107

107

107




        
          

        
          
            

 but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or assets distributed and liabilities assumed less than (in excess of) estimated litigation  liability extinguished
 in settlement of a litigation matter. Represents (for other than an insurance entity in its normal claims settlement process)
 the amount of income (expense) recognized in the period to settle pending or threatened litigation and insurance claims.
              
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to the parent entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an entity's earning process). For financial services companies
 also includes investment and interest income
 and sales and trading gains.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment
        



Property
 Plant and
Equipment


Property
 plant and
equipment consisted of the following:

&#xA0;















December&#xA0;29

2012


December&#xA0;31

2011





(In
thousands)




Machinery and plant
equipment



183
828



137
246








46
899



43
847








24
515



24
249




Building and building
improvements



36
667



25
220




Office equipment and
furniture



12
580



11
047




Leasehold
improvements



6
193



3
717

























310
682



245
326




Less accumulated
depreciation



120
734



101
740

























189
948



143
586






















The Company recorded
depreciation expense related to these assets of $20.2 million
$18.1 million and $17.3 million in fiscal years 2012
 2011 and
2010
 respectively.
Impairment of
Long-lived Assets
During 2012
 2011
 and
2010
 the Company recorded impairment charges of $0.1 million
 $0.7
million
 and $0.3 million
 respectively
 based upon its review of
the carrying values of its property
 plant and
equipment.





        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Prepaid Expenses and
Other Assets


Prepaid expenses and other
assets consisted of the following:

&#xA0;















December&#xA0;29




December&#xA0;31







(in
thousands)








3
452



3
866




Income taxes
receivable



1
645



7
762




Grant receivable &#x2013;
environmental remediation (see Note J)



1
330



2
589






































6
628



14
605



























        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        




Net Income per
Share




Net Income per Common
Share &#x2013; Basic
The following table sets
forth the computation of basic net income per share using the
two-class method:

&#xA0;




















December&#xA0;29

2012
(52
weeks)


December&#xA0;31

2011
(53
weeks)


December&#xA0;25

2010
(52
weeks)





(in thousands
 except
per share data)









59
467



66
059



50
142































Allocation of net income
for basic:
















Class&#xA0;A Common
Stock



40
009



45
209



35
066




Class B Common
Stock



18
913



20
850



15
076




Unvested participating
shares













































59
467



66
059



50
142




Weighted average number of
shares for basic:
















Class&#xA0;A Common
Stock



8
689



8
905



9
553




Class B Common
Stock



4
107



4
107



4
107




Unvested participating
shares













































12
914



13
012



13
660




Net income per share for
basic:
















Class&#xA0;A Common
Stock











































Class B Common
Stock










































Net Income per Common
Share &#x2013; Diluted
The Company calculates
diluted net income per share for common stock using the more
dilutive of (1)&#xA0;the treasury stock method
 or (2)&#xA0;the
two-class method
 which assumes the participating securities are
not exercised or converted.
The following tables set
forth the computation of diluted net income per share
 assuming the
conversion of all Class B Common Stock into Class&#xA0;A Common
Stock and using the two-class method for unvested participating
shares:

&#xA0;




















Fifty-two&#xA0;weeks&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;29
&#xA0;2012







Shareholders



Shares








(in&#xA0;thousands
&#xA0;except&#xA0;per&#xA0;share&#xA0;data)





As reported -
basic



40
009



8
689








Add: effect of dilutive
potential common shares
















Share-based
awards
















Class B Common
Stock



18
913



4
107








Net effect of unvested
participating shares











































Net income per common share
- diluted



58
948



13
435



































&#xA0;




















Fifty-three&#xA0;weeks&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31
2011







Shareholders



Shares








(in thousands
 except
per share data)





As reported -
basic



45
209



8
905








Add: effect of dilutive
potential common shares
















Share-based
awards
















Class B Common
Stock



20
850



4
107








Net effect of unvested
participating shares







































Net income per common share
- diluted



66
059



13
741































&#xA0;




















Fifty-two&#xA0;weeks&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;25
&#xA0;2010







Shareholders



Shares








(in thousands
 except
per share data)





As reported -
basic



35
066



9
553








Add: effect of dilutive
potential common shares
















Share-based
awards
















Class B Common
Stock



15
076



4
107








Net effect of unvested
participating shares







































Net income per common share
- diluted



50
142



14
228






























Basic net income per common
share for each share of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock and Class B
Common Stock is $4.61
 $5.08 and $3.67 for the fiscal years 2012
2011 and 2010
 respectively
 as each share of Class&#xA0;A and
Class B participates equally in earnings. Shares of Class B are
convertible at any time into shares of Class&#xA0;A on a
one-for-one basis at the option of the stockholder.
Weighted average stock
options to purchase 271
000
 213
000 and 17
600 shares of
Class&#xA0;A Common Stock were outstanding during fiscal 2012
 2011
and 2010
 respectively
 but not included in computing diluted
income per share because their effects were anti-dilutive.
Additionally
 performance-based stock options to purchase 60
000
65
000 and 100
000 shares of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock were
outstanding during fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively
 but
not included in computing dilutive income per share because the
performance criteria of these stock options were not expected to be
met as of December&#xA0;29
 2012
&#xA0;December&#xA0;31
 2011 and
December&#xA0;25
 2010
 respectively. Furthermore
performance-based stock options to purchase 4
550 and 219
700
shares of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock were not included in computing
diluted income per share because the performance criteria of these
stock options were not met and the options were cancelled during
the twelve months ended December&#xA0;29
 2012 and
December&#xA0;31
 2011
 respectively.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Fair Value
Measures


The Company defines fair
value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or be
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. The Company applies
the following fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs
used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the
categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input
that is available and significant to the fair value measurement.
The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
(Level&#xA0;1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs (Level&#xA0;3 measurements).

&#xA0;






Level&#xA0;1&#xA0;&#x2014; Level&#xA0;1 inputs are quoted prices
(unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the
measurement date.




&#xA0;






Level&#xA0;2&#xA0;&#x2014; Level&#xA0;2 inputs are inputs other
than quoted prices included within Level&#xA0;1 that are observable
for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly. If the
asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term
 a
Level&#xA0;2 input must be observable for substantially the full
term of the asset or liability.




&#xA0;






Level&#xA0;3&#xA0;&#x2014; Level&#xA0;3 inputs are unobservable
inputs for the asset or liability in which there is little
 if any
market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement
date.



All financial assets or
liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
(at least annually) have been segregated into the most appropriate
level within the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to
determine the fair value at the measurement date.&#xA0;The assets
or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are
summarized in thetable below (in thousands):



























As of December 29
2012













































74
534











74
534






























As of December 31
2011













































41
907











41
907





The Company&#x2019;s cash
equivalents listed above represent money market mutual fund
securities and are classified within Level 1 of the fair value
hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices. The
Company does not adjust the quoted market price for such financial
instruments.
The Company&#x2019;s cash
surrender value &#x2013; life insurance represents the cash value of
a life insurance policy held by Northwestern Mutual
 an A rated
insurance company and is classified within Level 2 of the fair
value hierarchy. Northwestern Mutual provides the value of this
policy to the Company on a regular basis and the Company adjusts
its book value.
Cash
 certificates of
deposit
 receivables and payables are carried at their cost
 which
approximates fair value
 because of their short-term nature.
Financial instruments not recorded at fair value in the
consolidated financial statements are summarized in the table below
(in thousands):



























As of December 29
2012










































long-lived assets for impairment when events indicate that an asset
or asset group may have suffered impairment. In the past
 the
Company has recognized impairments of certain land included in
property
 plant and equipment. The Company has relied on the work
of a licensed real estate appraiser to determine the fair value of
the land. The appraiser used comparisons to historical transactions
for similar properties and similar properties available for sale to
assist in determining the land&#x2019;s value. The Company has not
recorded an impairment charge on its long-lived asset in fiscal
2012. The last adjustment to record an asset impairment was in the
fourth quarter of 2011.
The Company evaluates the
recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets
in the third quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if
events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill or
indefinite-lived intangible assets may be impaired. As
of&#xA0;December 29
 2012
 no such events or changes in
circumstances occurred that would have triggered the need for a
further impairment review.





        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
 -Paragraph 15C
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 44A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 3
 10
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17-22
 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 32
 33
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

106

012

784


        

494

831

762


        

285)

737)

534)


        

315

106

012



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

773

615

686


        

405

569
        


        

106)

411)
        


        

072

773

615



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

019

287

464


        

174

375

758


        

334)

643)

935)


        

859

019

287




        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        






Line of
Credit
The Company has a credit
facility in place that provides for a $50.0 million revolving line
of credit which has a term not scheduled to expire until
March&#xA0;31
 2015. The Company may elect an interest rate for
borrowings under the credit facility based on either (i)&#xA0;the
Alternative Prime Rate (3.25% at December&#xA0;29
 2012) or
(ii)&#xA0;the applicable LIBOR rate (0.21% at December&#xA0;29
2012) plus 0.45%. The Company incurs an annual commitment fee of
0.15% on the unused portion of the facility and is obligated to
meet certain financial covenants
 including the maintenance of
specified levels of tangible net worth and net income. The Company
was in compliance with all covenants as of December&#xA0;29
 2012
and December&#xA0;31
 2011. There were no borrowings outstanding
under the credit facility as of December&#xA0;29
 2012 and
December&#xA0;31
 2011.
There are also certain
restrictive covenants set forth in the credit agreement. Pursuant
to the negative covenants
 the Company has agreed that it will not:
enter into any indebtedness or guarantees other than those
specified by the lender
 enter into any sale and leaseback
transactions
 merge
 consolidate
 or dispose of significant assets
without the lender&#x2019;s prior written consent
 make or maintain
any investments other than those permitted in the credit agreement
or enter into any transactions with affiliates outside of the
ordinary course of business. In addition
 the credit agreement
requires the Company to obtain prior written consent from the
lender on distributions on account of
 or in repurchase
 retirement
or purchase of its capital stock or other equity interests with the
exception of the following: (a)&#xA0;distributions of capital stock
from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer
Corporation (a subsidiary of The Boston Beer Company
 Inc.)
(b)&#xA0;repurchase from former employees of non-vested investment
shares of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock
 issued under the Employee
Equity Incentive Plan
 and (c)&#xA0;redemption of shares of
Class&#xA0;A Common Stock as approved by the Board of Directors and
payment of cash dividends to its holders of common stock.
Borrowings under the credit facility may be used for working
capital
 capital expenditures and general corporate purposes of the
Company and its subsidiaries. In the event of a default that has
not been cured
 the credit facility would terminate and any unpaid
principal and accrued interest would become due and
payable.
Note
Payable
In June 2012
 the Company
entered into a grant facility with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
for $770
000. The purpose of the grant is to provide the Company
funds to support economic development through the repaving of a
parking lot and loading docks at its Pennsylvania Brewery. Under
the terms of the grant
 the Company was required to fund this
project through a note arrangement
 with the Commonwealth
reimbursing the Company for its debt service over a 10-year
period.
To fund the project
 the
Company entered into a term note arrangement with Bank of America
N.A. in June 2012. The note is for approximately $628
000 and has a
maturity date of December&#xA0;31
 2021. The interest rate for the
note is fixed at an annual rate of 4.25%. Payments of $77
000 are
due annually beginning on December&#xA0;31
 2012
 which amount will
be reimbursed to the Company by the Commonwealth. The note is
secured by interest in a CD held by the bank totaling approximately
$628
000 which is reduced each year based on principal payments on
the note; this amount is accounted for as restricted cash and is
included in other assets on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated
balance sheet.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      






















 2012





          



 2012





          



 2012





          



 2010

          



 2012


 Wheat




 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

400
000

400
000

700
000

100
000

600
000

700
000

000
000


        
        

000
000

400
000

300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Damages and expenses to be paid by High Falls Brewery Company
 LLC

300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
        

948
000

586
000
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

330
000

589
000
        

600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

469
000

589
000
        

600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

200
000
        
        
        

000

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 payable in twelve months or in the next operating cycle if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 161
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 147
 148
 149
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 corporate
 or foundation grants. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        






Goodwill represents the
excess of the purchase price of the Company-owned breweries over
the fair value of the net assets acquired upon the completion of
the acquisitions. During the first quarter of 2012
 the Company
acquired substantially all of the assets of Southern California
Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel City Brewing Company. A portion
of the purchase price was allocated to goodwill. See Note M for
details on this acquisition.
The following table
summarizes the Company&#x2019;s changes to the carrying amount of
goodwill for the fifty-two weeks ended December&#xA0;29
 2012 (in
thousands):

&#xA0;




















December&#xA0;31








December&#xA0;29

2012




Goodwill
 net



1
377



1
161



2
538








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Accrued Expenses and
Other Current Liabilities


Accrued expenses and other
current liabilities consisted of the following:

&#xA0;















December&#xA0;29




December&#xA0;31







(in
thousands)








15
805



13
867




Employee wages
 benefits
and reimbursements



11
701



9
638




Advertising
 promotional
and selling expenses



8
158



6
788




Income taxes (see Note
I)



4
803



3
810








4
109



2
316




Accrued excise
taxes



2
491



1
721




Environmental remediation
costs (see Note J)



1
469



2
589




Other accrued
liabilities



11
993



7
514

























60
529



48
243



























        
          

        
          
            

 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Income
Taxes


Significant components of
the provision (benefit) for income taxes are as follows:




































(in
thousands)


























27
903



31
845



20
989








6
009



5
809



5
505



































33
912



37
654



26
494

























2
279







3
938




















































2
139







4
472































Total income tax
provision



36
051



37
441



30
966






























The Company&#x2019;s
reconciliations to statutory rates are as
follows:




















































State income taxes
 net of
federal benefit
















Deduction relating to U.S.
production activities
















Change in income tax
contingencies
















State audit
settlement





































































































Significant components of
the Company&#x2019;s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as
follows at:



















December 29

2012


December 31

2011





(in
thousands)





Deferred tax
assets:
















2
537



2
424




Stock-based compensation
expense



7
106



6
059








2
762



2
099








2
263



2
340























Total deferred tax
assets



14
668



12
922




Valuation
allowance































Total deferred tax assets
net of valuation allowance



14
125



12
377




Deferred tax
liabilities:












Property
 plant and
equipment



(27
961



(24
068

















































Total deferred tax
liabilities



(29
176



(25
363























Net deferred tax
liabilities



(15
051



(12
986
























The Company&#x2019;s
practice is to classify interest and penalties related to income
tax matters in income tax expense. Interest and penalties included
in the provision for income taxes amounted to $0.1 million
 $0.4
million and $0.7 million for fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively. Accrued interest and penalties amounted to $0.7
million and $1.0 million at December 29
 2012 and December 31
2011
 respectively.
A reconciliation of the
beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows:




























(in
thousands)





Balance at beginning of
year



1
935



7
129




Increases related to
current year tax positions












Decrease Increase related
to prior year tax positions







(1
808




Decreases related to
settlements







(3
561




Decreases related to lapse
of statute of limitations































Balance at end of
year



1
263



1
935
























of unrecognized tax benefits at December&#xA0;29
 2012 and
December&#xA0;31
 2011 are potential net benefits of $1.1 million
and $1.6 million
 respectively
 that would favorably impact the
effective tax rate if recognized. Unrecognized tax benefits are
included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets and adjusted in the period in which new information
about a tax position becomes available or the final outcome differs
from the amount recorded.

&#xA0;
The Company&#x2019;s state
income tax returns remain subject to examination for three or four
years depending on the state&#x2019;s statute of limitations. In
addition
 the Company is generally obligated to report changes in
taxable income arising from federal income tax audits.
In September&#xA0;2011
 the
Internal Revenue Service (&#x201C;IRS&#x201D;) commenced an
examination of the Company&#x2019;s 2007 and 2008 amended
consolidated corporate income tax returns and the related loss
carry back claim to 2006. In addition
 in October 2011
 the IRS
expanded the original examination to include the 2009 corporate
income tax return. The examination was in progress as of
December&#xA0;29
 2012. The Company is also being audited by two
states as of December&#xA0;29
 2012.
It is reasonably possible
that the Company&#x2019;s unrecognized tax benefits may increase or
decrease in 2013 if there is a completion of certain income tax
audits; however
 the Company cannot estimate the range of such
possible changes. The Company does not expect that any potential
changes would have a material impact on the Company&#x2019;s
financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.





        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Reserves and Reserve Activities for 2008 Product Recall (Detail) (Inventory Valuation Product-Recalls
 Warranty Reserves
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      














 2012

          



 2011

          



 2009

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2009

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

893

518
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

796

421
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

778)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

736)
        
        


        
        
        

893
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

796
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      


 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2011

          















        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        

000

000

000

000
        

000

000
        

000
        
        
        


        

000
        

448

503

271

054
        

813

957
        

176

580

282

870


        

776
        

242

383

809

089
        

031

073
        

374

210

567

327


        

988
        

310

445

841

730
        

413

923
        

589

584

655

178


        

873
        

750

351

493

785
        

296

019
        

959

467

059

142


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 the Company recorded $3.5 million of promotional expenses as contra revenue which had previously been included in Advertising



              




              









        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        




 Inputs


        


        
        


        
        




 Inputs


        


        
        


        
        




 Inputs


        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 13
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other than those reimbursements received by landlords from tenants.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
Accrued expenses and other
current liabilities consisted of the following:

&#xA0;















December&#xA0;29




December&#xA0;31







(in
thousands)








15
805



13
867




Employee wages
 benefits
and reimbursements



11
701



9
638




Advertising
 promotional
and selling expenses



8
158



6
788




Income taxes (see Note
I)



4
803



3
810








4
109



2
316




Accrued excise
taxes



2
491



1
721




Environmental remediation
costs (see Note J)



1
469



2
589




Other accrued
liabilities



11
993



7
514

























60
529



48
243



























        
          

        
          
            

 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)

        

      














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

200
000

100
000

300
000


        

000

000

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Common Stock and
Share-Based Compensation


Class&#xA0;A Common
Stock
The Class&#xA0;A Common
Stock has no voting rights
 except (1)&#xA0;as required by law
(2)&#xA0;for the election of Class&#xA0;A Directors
 and
(3)&#xA0;that the approval of the holders of the Class&#xA0;A
Common Stock is required for (a)&#xA0;certain future authorizations
or issuances of additional securities which have rights senior to
Class&#xA0;A Common Stock
 (b)&#xA0;certain alterations of rights
or terms of the Class&#xA0;A or Class B Common Stock as set forth
in the Articles of Organization of the Company
 (c)&#xA0;other
amendments of the Articles of Organization of the Company
(d)&#xA0;certain mergers or consolidations with
 or acquisitions
of
 other entities
 and (e)&#xA0;sales or dispositions of any
significant portion of the Company&#x2019;s assets.
Class B Common
Stock
The Class B Common Stock
has full voting rights
 including the right to (1)&#xA0;elect a
majority of the members of the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors
and (2)&#xA0;approve all (a)&#xA0;amendments to the Company&#x2019;s
Articles of Organization
 (b)&#xA0;mergers or consolidations with
or acquisitions of
 other entities
 (c)&#xA0;sales or dispositions
of any significant portion of the Company&#x2019;s assets
 and
(d)&#xA0;equity-based and other executive compensation and other
significant corporate matters. The Company&#x2019;s Class B Common
Stock is not listed for trading. Each share of Class B Common Stock
is freely convertible into one share of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock
upon request of any Class B holder
 and participates equally in
earnings.
All distributions with
respect to the Company&#x2019;s capital stock are restricted by the
Company&#x2019;s credit agreement
 with the exception of
distributions of capital stock from subsidiaries to The Boston Beer
Company
 Inc. and Boston Beer Corporation
 repurchase from former
employees of non-vested investment shares of Class&#xA0;A Common
Stock issued under the Company&#x2019;s equity incentive plan
redemption of certain shares of Class&#xA0;A Common Stock as
approved by the Board of Directors and payment of cash dividends to
its holders of common stock.
Employee Stock
Compensation Plan
The Company&#x2019;s
Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the &#x201C;Equity Plan&#x201D;)
currently provides for the grant of discretionary options and
restricted stock awards to employees
 and provides for shares to be
sold to employees of the Company at a discounted purchase price
under its investment share program. The Equity Plan is administered
by the Board of Directors of the Company
 based on recommendations
received from the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.
The Compensation Committee consists of three independent directors.
In determining the quantities and types of awards for grant
 the
Compensation Committee periodically reviews the objectives of the
Company&#x2019;s compensation system and takes into account the
position and responsibilities of the employee being considered
 the
nature and value to the Company of his or her service and
accomplishments
 his or her present and potential contributions to
the success of the Company
 the value of the type of awards to the
employee and such other factors as the Compensation Committee deems
relevant.
Stock options and related
vesting requirements and terms are granted at the Board of
Directors&#x2019; discretion
 but generally vest ratably over
five-year periods and
 with respect to certain options granted to
members of senior management
 based on the Company&#x2019;s
performance. Generally
 the maximum contractual term of stock
options is ten years
 although the Board of Directors may grant
options that exceed the ten-year term. During fiscal 2012
 2011 and
2010
 the Company granted options to purchase 42
600
 228
200 and
65
100 shares
 respectively
 of its Class A Common Stock to
employees at market price on the grant dates. Of the 2012 option
grants
 11
100 shares relate to performance-based option grants and
31
500 shares relate to special long-term service based retention
stock options. Of the 2011 option grants
 13
200 shares relate to
performance-based option grants and 215
000 shares relate to
special long-term service based retention stock options. All 2010
option grants are performance-based options. The number of shares
that will vest under the performance-based options depends on the
level of performance targets attained on various dates.
On January&#xA0;1
 2013
the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 40
925
shares of the Company&#x2019;s Class&#xA0;A Common Stock with a
weighted average fair value of $58.83 per share
 of which 15
000
shares represented special long-term retention stock options to two
key employees.&#xA0;The special long-term retention stock options
are service-based with 60% of the shares vesting on January&#xA0;1
2018 and the remaining shares vesting annually in equal tranches
over the following four years.
Restricted stock awards are
also granted at the Board of Directors&#x2019; discretion. During
fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Company granted 16
375
 17
687 and
33
617 shares
 respectively
 of restricted stock awards to certain
senior managers and key employees
 which vest ratably over service
periods of five years.
The Equity Plan also has an
investment share program which permits employees who have been with
the Company for at least one year to purchase shares of Class A
Common Stock at a discount from current market value of 0% to 40%
based on the employee&#x2019;s tenure with the Company. Investment
shares vest ratably over service periods of five years.
Participants may pay for these shares either up front or through
payroll deductions over an eleven-month period during the year of
purchase. During fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 employees elected to
purchase an aggregate of 13
360
 12
985 and 20
392 investment
shares
 respectively.


On January 1
 2013
 the
Company granted 11
530 shares of restricted stock awards to certain
senior managers and key employees and employees elected to purchase
12
894 shares under the investment share program.
The Company has reserved
6.0 million shares of Class A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to
the Equity Plan
 of which 0.9 million shares were available for
grant as of December 29
 2012. Shares reserved for issuance under
cancelled employee stock options and forfeited restricted stock are
returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or
purchases. The Company also purchases unvested investment shares
from employees who have left the Company; these shares are also
returned to the reserve under the Equity Plan for future grants or
purchases.
Non-Employee Director
Options
The Company has a stock
option plan for non-employee directors of the Company (the
&#x201C;Non-Employee Director Plan&#x201D;)
 pursuant to which each
non-employee director of the Company is granted an option to
purchase shares of the Company&#x2019;s Class A Common Stock upon
election or re-election to the Board of Directors. Stock options
issued to non-employee directors vest upon grant and have a maximum
contractual term of ten years. In years 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the
Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 17
367
 30
000
and 30
000 shares of the Company&#x2019;s Class A Common Stock to
non-employee directors
 respectively.
The Company has reserved
550
000 shares of Class A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the
Non-Employee Director Plan
 of which 125
133 shares were available
for grant as of December 29
 2012. Cancelled non-employee
directors&#x2019; stock options are returned to the reserve under
the Non-Employee Director Plan for future grants.
Option
Activity
Information related to
stock options under the Equity Plan and the Non-Employee Director
Plan is summarized as follows:

































Price






in Years




Value
(in
thousands)





Outstanding at December 31
2011



1
908
664




















59
967




















(4
550









































(245
965







































Outstanding at December 29
2012



1
718
116











148
684



































Exercisable at December 29
2012



409
272











39
404



































Vested and expected to vest
at December 29
 2012



1
551
968











133
610


































Of the total options
outstanding at December 29
 2012
 381
470 shares were
performance-based options.


Stock Option Grants
to Chief Executive Officer
On January 1
 2008
 the
Company granted the Chief Executive Officer an option to purchase
753
864 shares of its Class A Common Stock
 which vests over a
five-year period
 commencing on January 1
 2014
 at the rate of 20%
per year. The exercise price is determined by multiplying $42.00 by
the aggregate change in the DJ Wilshire 5000 Index from and after
January 1
 2008 through the close of business on the trading date
next preceding each date on which the option is exercised. The
exercise price will not be less than $37.65 per share and the
excess of the fair value of the Company&#x2019;s Class A Common
Stock cannot exceed $70 per share over the exercise price. The
Company is accounting for this award as a market-based award which
was valued utilizing the Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
which calculates multiple potential outcomes for an award and
establishes fair value based on the most likely outcome. Under the
Monte Carlo Simulation pricing model
 the Company calculated the
weighted average fair value per share to be $8.41
 and recorded
stock-based compensation expense of $0.8
 $0.8
 and $0.7 million
related to this option in the fiscal year 2012
 2011
 and 2010
respectively.
In August 2007
 the Company
granted an option to purchase 180
000 shares of its Class A Common
Stock to its Chief Executive Officer that cliff-vest after
completion of a six-year service period. Under the binomial
option-pricing model
 the weighted average fair value of the option
is $19.39 per share
 and the Company recorded stock-based
compensation expense of $0.6
 $0.5
 and $0.5 million related to
this stock option in the fiscal years 2012
 2011 and 2010
respectively.
Based on information
available prior to the issuance of the Company&#x2019;s financial
statements for the fiscal year ended December 26
 2009
 the
Compensation Committee of the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors
concluded that it was probable that the performance criteria under
the option to purchase 120
000 shares granted to the Chief
Executive Officer in 2005 would be met. The Company accordingly
recorded related compensation expense of approximately $0.9 million
in the fourth quarter of 2009. In late April 2010
 the Compensation
Committee
 based upon updated information available through April
23
 2010
 concluded that one of the three applicable performance
criteria had not been met. As a result
 the option with respect to
these 120
000 shares lapsed and
 in the first quarter of 2010
 the
Company reversed
 as a change in estimate
 the related compensation
expense of approximately $0.9 million
 or $0.04 per dilutive share
for the twelve months ended December 25
 2010.
Stock-Based
Compensation
The following table
provides information regarding stock-based compensation expense
included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income:



























(53
weeks)








(in
thousands)





Amounts included in
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses



2
452



2
236



1
116




Amounts included in general
and administrative expenses



4
076



3
942



2
008































Total stock-based
compensation expense



6
528



6
178



3
124































Amounts related to
performance-based stock options included in total stock-based
compensation expense
















































Net of a reversal of
approximately $872
000 of expense related to a performance-based
option to purchase 120
000 shares granted to the Chief Executive
Officer in 2005.


As permitted by ASC 718
the Company uses a lattice model
 such as the binomial
option-pricing model
 to estimate the fair values of stock options.
The Company believes that the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is
less effective than the binomial option-pricing model in valuing
long-term options
 as it assumes that volatility and interest rates
are constant over the life of the option. In addition
 the Company
believes that the binomial option-pricing model more accurately
reflects the fair value of its stock awards
 as it takes into
account historical employee exercise patterns based on changes in
the Company&#x2019;s stock price and other relevant variables. The
weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during 2012
2011 and 2010 was $45.03
 $43.07 and $21.96 per share
respectively
 as calculated using a binomial option-pricing
model.
Weighted average
assumptions used to estimate fair values of stock options on the
date of grants are as follows:



































Expected
volatility
















Risk-free interest
rate
















Expected
dividends

































Discount for post-vesting
restrictions















Expected volatility is
based on the Company&#x2019;s historical realized volatility. The
risk-free interest rate represents the implied yields available
from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve over the contractual
term of the option when using the binomial model. Expected dividend
yield is 0% because the Company has not paid dividends in the past
and currently has no known intention to do so in the future.
Exercise factor and discount for post-vesting restrictions are
based on the Company&#x2019;s historical
experience.
Fair value of restricted
stock awards is based on the Company&#x2019;s traded stock price on
the date of the grants. Fair value of investment shares is
calculated using the binomial option-pricing
model.
The Company uses the
straight-line attribution method in recognizing stock-based
compensation expense for awards that vest based on service
conditions. For awards that vest subject to performance conditions
compensation expense is recognized ratably for each tranche of the
award over the performance period if it is probable that
performance conditions will be met.

Under ASC 718
 compensation
expense is recognized less estimated forfeitures. Because most of
the Company&#x2019;s equity awards vest on January
1

 the
Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to
those awards
 net of actual forfeitures. For equity awards that do
not vest on January 1
 the estimated forfeiture rate used was 8.5%. The
forfeiture rate was based upon historical experience and the
Company periodically reviews this rate to ensure proper projection
of future forfeitures.
The total fair value of
options vested during 2012
 2011 and 2010 was $2.0 million
 $1.8
million and $1.4 million
 respectively. The aggregate intrinsic
value of stock options exercised during 2012
 2011 and 2010 was
$20.9 million
 $11.6 million and $8.5 million
respectively.


Based on equity awards
outstanding as of December 29
 2012
 there were $13.7 million of
unrecognized compensation costs
 net of estimated forfeitures
related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements that are
expected to vest. Such costs are expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 2.6 years. The following table
summarizes the estimated future annual stock-based compensation
expense related to share-based arrangements existing as of December
29
 2012 that are expected to vest (in
thousands):



















4
342








3
404








2
821








1
462

















1
068



















13
735














In addition
 as of December
29
 2012
 there were $0.7 million of unrecognized compensation
costs associated with certain stock options with vesting
requirements based on the achievement of various performance
targets. Through December 29
 2012
 no compensation expense was
recognized for these performance-based stock options
 nor will any
be recognized until such time when the Company can estimate that it
is probable that performance targets will be met.
Non-Vested Shares
Activity
The following table
summarizes vesting activities of shares issued under the investment
share program and restricted stock awards:




















Shares





Value





Non-vested at December 31
2011



141
391












29
735












(49
356












(6
938























Non-vested at December 29
2012



114
832






















Stock Repurchase
Program
On October 1
 2012
 the
Board of Directors of the Company increased the aggregate
expenditure limit for the Company&#x2019;s Stock Repurchase Program
by $25.0 million
 thereby increasing the limit from $275.0 million
to $300.0 million.



December 29
 2012
 the
Company has repurchased a cumulative total of approximately 10.7
million shares of its Class A Common Stock for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $269.9 million as
follows:




















Shares




Price








(in
thousands)





Repurchased at December 26
2009



8
669
795



121
091








1
101
708



67
981























Repurchased at December 25
2010



9
771
503



189
072








760
036



62
824























Repurchased at December 31
2011



10
531
539



251
896








165
192



18
046























Repurchased at December 29
2012



10
696
731



269
942



























        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Subsequent
Events


The Company evaluated
subsequent events occurring after the balance sheet date
December&#xA0;29
 2012
 and concluded that there was no event of
which management was aware that occurred after the balance sheet
date that would require any adjustment to or disclosure in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements except for options
and awards granted in January 2013 as disclosed in Note
N.





        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified















Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

452

866
        


        

645

762
        


        

330

589

600


        
        
        
        


        

628

605
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 corporate
 or foundation grants. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets which have not been itemized or categorized in the footnotes to the financial statements and are a component of Other Assets
 Current (OtherAssetsCurrent). Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
The funded status of the
Company&#x2019;s principal defined benefit pension plan and
post-retirement medical benefit plan are as follows:



























Local 1199 Pension
Plan


Retiree Medical
Plan





December 29

2012


December 31

2011


December 29

2012


December
31







(in
thousands)





Fair value of plan assets
at end of fiscal year



2
026



1
710












Benefit obligation at end
of fiscal year



3
095



2
598



















































(1
069






















































        
        
The Local 1199 Plan&#x2019;s
weighted-average asset allocations at the measurement dates by
asset category are as follows:



















Asset
Category


December
29




December
31







Equity
securities




















































































        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data


          


          


          


          






          



Beginning balance at Dec. 26
 2009

155
        
        

668
        

704


Beginning balance (in shares) at Dec. 26
 2009
        

143
000

107
000
        
        
        


        

142
        
        
        
        

142


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
346 in 2011 and $3
014 in 2010 (in shares)
        

000
        
        
        
        


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
346 in 2011 and $3
014 in 2010

227
        
        

224
        
        


        

124
        
        

124
        
        


        

101
708)

102
000)
        
        
        
        


        

981)
        
        
        
        

970)


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $75 in 2012
 $207 in 2011 and $48 in 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending balance at Dec. 25
 2010

588
        
        

016
        

876


Ending balance (in shares) at Dec. 25
 2010
        

288
000

107
000
        
        
        


        

059
        
        
        
        

059


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
346 in 2011 and $3
014 in 2010 (in shares)
        

000
        
        
        
        


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
346 in 2011 and $3
014 in 2010

144
        
        

142
        
        


        

178
        
        

178
        
        


        

036)

000)
        
        
        
        


        

824)
        
        
        
        

816)


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $75 in 2012
 $207 in 2011 and $48 in 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2011

745
        
        

336
        

119


Ending balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2011
        

715
000

107
000
        
        
        


        

467
        
        
        
        

467


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
346 in 2011 and $3
014 in 2010 (in shares)

965

000
        
        
        
        


Stock options exercised and restricted shares activities
 including tax benefit of $7
894 in 2012
 $5
346 in 2011 and $3
014 in 2010

443
        
        

441
        
        


        

528
        
        

528
        
        


        

192)

000)
        
        
        
        


        

047)
        
        
        
        

045)


Defined benefit plans liability adjustment
 net of tax of $75 in 2012
 $207 in 2011 and $48 in 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending balance at Dec. 29
 2012

091
        
        

305
        

541


Ending balance (in shares) at Dec. 29
 2012
        

704
000

107
000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to the parent entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        






Inventories consist of raw
materials
 work in process and finished goods. Raw materials
 which
principally consist of hops
 other brewing materials and packaging
are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on the first-in
first-out basis
 or market. Inventories are generally classified as
current assets. The Company&#x2019;s goal is to maintain a supply of
approximately two years for essential hop varieties on-hand in
order to limit the risk of an unexpected reduction in supply. As of
December&#xA0;29
 2012
 the Company has classified approximately
$1.5 million of hops inventory in other long term assets that are
above two years forecasted usage. The cost elements of work in
process and finished goods inventory consist of raw materials
direct labor and manufacturing overhead. Inventories consisted of
the following:

&#xA0;















December&#xA0;29

2012


December&#xA0;31

2011





(in
thousands)








27
867



21
191








8
897



6
670








9
092



6
211

























45
856



34
072




Less portion included in
other long term assets



(1
495





























44
361



34
072



























        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














 2012

          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2012




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Years Subject to Examination
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Examination Period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 significant findings to date
 and the entity's position with respect to the findings.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return
 that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return
 that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

550
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000

600



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000)

000)

000)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

550

700
        

      
        

      



              

 the Company recorded $3.5 million of promotional expenses as contra revenue which had previously been included in Advertising



              




              









        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 exercises
 forfeitures
 and expirations during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






















 2012

          



 2012

          



 2010

          



 2008



          



 2008



          



 2012

          



 2010



          



 2005



          



 2008



          



 2009



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2010



          



 2007



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2010



          



 2010



          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2012





          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2010



          



 2012





          



 2012





          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2010



          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2012





          



 2012



          



 2013



          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013





          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock options
 contractual term
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

864
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        

600

200

100
        
        

100

200

500

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

367

000

000
        
        

925

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Percentage of shares vesting on January 1
 XXX
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

735
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

375

687

617
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

530
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

360

985

392
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

894


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

133
        
        
        
        


        

718
116

908
664
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

470
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

528
000

178
000

124
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000

000

000
        

000

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000

800
000

400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

900
000

600
000

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

735
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unrecognized compensation costs
 weighted average period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

696
731

531
539

771
503
        

669
795
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

942
000

896
000

072
000
        

091
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 All Equity Instruments
 Vested in Period
 Total Fair Value
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Compensation Cost Reversal
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Fair Value Assumptions
 Estimated Forfeiture Rate
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Options
 Contractual Term
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Vesting Percentage
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Weighted Average Fair Value
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Additional Authorized Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Cumulative Number of Shares Repurchased
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Cumulative Shares Repurchased
 Value
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the case of a call option
 or sell
 in the case of a put option
 on the underlying security.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Quarterly Results
(Unaudited)


The Company&#x2019;s fiscal
quarters are consistently determined year to year and generally
consist of 13 weeks
 except in those fiscal years in which there
are fifty-three weeks where the last fiscal quarters then consist
of 14 weeks. In management&#x2019;s opinion
 the following unaudited
information includes all adjustments
 consisting of normal
recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation of the
information for the quarters presented. The operating results for
any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any
future quarters.











































For Quarters
Ended





December 29

2012 (3)
(13
weeks)


September 29

2012
(13
weeks)


June 30

2012
(13
weeks)


March 31

2012
(13
weeks)


December 31

2011(2)
(14
weeks)


September 24

2011
(13
weeks)


June 25


(13 weeks)


March 26

2011
(13
weeks)





(In thousands
 except
per share data)














































153
000



166
448



147
503



113
271



142
054



134
813



133
957



102
176











































































79
776



93
242



80
383



61
809



80
089



76
031



76
073



52
374











































































26
988



33
310



23
445



11
841



25
730



26
413



44
923



6
589











































































16
873



20
750



14
351



7
493



17
785



16
296



28
019



3
959







































































Net income per share
&#x2013; basic







































































































Net income per share
&#x2013; diluted












































































































During the second quarter
of 2011
 the Company entered into a settlement agreement with its
former glass supplier. The Company received a cash payment of $20.5
million which was recorded as an offset to operating
expenses.







During the fourth quarter
of 2011
 the Company recorded a $2.1 million decrease in its tax
liabilities as a result of a state tax audit settlement and a $1.5
million decrease in its liability for refundable deposits for lost
kegs and pallets.







During the fourth quarter
of 2012
 the Company recorded $3.5 million of promotional expenses
as contra revenue which had previously been included in
Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses.












        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 23
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

Dec. 29


Sep. 29


Jun. 30


Mar. 31


Dec. 31


Sep. 24


Jun. 25


Mar. 26

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        

342


        

404


        

821


        

462


        
        


        

068


        

735




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
The assets or liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized in the
table below (in thousands):



























As of December 29
2012













































74
534











74
534






























As of December 31
2011













































41
907











41
907









        
        
Financial instruments not
recorded at fair value in the consolidated financial statements are
summarized in the table below (in thousands):

&#xA0;























As of December&#xA0;29
2012












































        
          

        
          
            

 Assets and Liabilities for Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value [Table Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        



Brewery
Acquisition


On January&#xA0;4
 2012
A&amp;S acquired substantially all of the assets of Southern
California Brewing Company
 Inc.
 d/b/a Angel City Brewing Company
(&#x201C;Angel City&#x201D;) for a preliminary aggregate purchase
price of $1.9 million
 which includes a payment of $150
000 made in
June 2012 and a payment of $200
000 to be made in March 2013. The
remaining purchase price payment may be reduced by any obligations
satisfied by A&amp;S subsequent to the acquisition
 but incurred by
Angel City prior to the acquisition date. Costs related to the
acquisition of Angel City were not significant and were expensed as
incurred.
The allocation of the
purchase price is preliminary and is based on management&#x2019;s
judgment after evaluating several factors
 including preliminary
valuation assessments of tangible and intangible assets. The final
allocation of the purchase price is as follows (in
thousands):

&#xA0;










Property
 plant and
equipment





















1
161















Total assets
acquired



1
900













Remaining purchase price
payment























1
700














The Company has assigned an
indefinite life to the acquired trade name and the related value is
included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. Goodwill resulting from this acquisition is expected to be
amortizable for tax purposes. The operating results of Angel City
since the acquisition date are included in the Company&#x2019;s
consolidated financial statements.
In connection with the
acquisition
 A&amp;S entered into a personal services agreement
with Angel City&#x2019;s founder
 pursuant to which he will advise
A&amp;S
 if requested
 on Angel City matters for a period of two
years. Also in connection with the acquisition
 A&amp;S entered
into a lease for the Angel City brewery premises located in Los
Angeles
 California
 from which it intends to brew
 distribute and
sell beers under the Angel City brand name for on and off premise
consumption . Minimum payments under the personal services
agreement and the lease total approximately $1.7 million as of
December&#xA0;29
 2012
 are payable through December&#xA0;31
 2017
and are expensed as incurred.





        
          

        
          
            

 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 51
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













